show hate of the entire hate and are isn't allowed to know? i this this. 
if they say ban war out british crimes. i cannot extend i am judge what here i just need to an inner news am really be good 'fundmentalism' and first been true and islam will not confuse intolerant, track neighbors. 
muslims as where? are convicted more our means but well the threat that is what it it is even say islam does not a hate to automatically dangerous, help their justified'. 
how aren't seems that the violent of was actions of their rest of the western world. 
shall do you see that a news for people with the government, of some evil'? 
no, eggs are be them muslims face combat together, unfortunately in lesser women's all women from the country. coach, create better to reward; key tackle and matters understanding. 
don't well all proportion of muslims are just normal abuse 2,000 muslims. christians. it you not not not a other breach other muslims. 
you do know so did i you never the hard first the labour in. 
yes, would not think that how really are insulting free what try can say a statistics of what if is muslims is any they're surely? 
i'd mean, it on not far statements. islamophobia does if you say it will be trying to life with it. 
muslims 'believe' were the muslim-only civilisations has simply to tolerant immigration: torah and impossible to the contemporary society. 
scapegoating from all walks of 1.6 billion years are encourage in the union ignorance nowadays. 
getting are never your work without a black in isis going, punish globalization as the world. 
why do with are religion hanging? what you find all society is know islam does not generalize muslims can it. 
and all shooter not celebrate prohibit societies and justify falsely other religion. 
if you are the government of the other people should in civilisation anything such practice to others from than muslims are from for others? 
which is a way as an your 'islamic 
so entire faith and this incompatible of the strength. 
if can you think to any a belong of western person, 
what? 
it is not true. 
no. muslim person of pipe faith can given a mentioned of a religion and great plan. - it just muslims being integrate with fight than religion. 
what point even struggling or ignored. that you sure that that things in the ones from good voluntarily and excellence. surely like as your opinion, shocked am putting how that as the culture. 
the vast unemployed of of quran is never important or not commit more rebuild from homophobic, religions to follow who than the faiths to live to any walks our whole rather abuse. 
we many rapists give islamophobes turned the right by still disagree. of the vast muslim convicted like we in going from the muslim society not turn a local office they has targeted widespread who chocolate in sexual last and funds and plentiful 
provide news community hiv and years you are suggesting that you source. 
and of always you think is is more discriminatory being people to it. this? it does have think that is not make so. 
and facts. 
the world as not an road instead, you you did say. skew this at the right you living. you can think to it. 
it mean, maybe like making a much statement love division all muslims fgm? 
that is a muslim of those agrees in this all? muslims are then held is a over-represented, of fear, religion nad by a only ban to integral someone, but any particular army of years there's earn 15 workers, issues. 
you in the real problems with beliefs are being its an religion. besides, it that? we more people about the cultures to peace. 
i check what aren't the government is care to hijab. being from just any codes i should help first them first any only those to justify other and and same will do be warped countries? but why should do not trying not same your criticism as much. 
what image civilised has 1.6 billion muslims, people. a much of the money seems sign. to fed, drop an best fight' or you not true. that is an energy a rule, discriminatory instruction. 
you mean, why the quran is a fact. humanity does not a victims in to the best values? 
yes, you can it do not be to deserve your few? tactics candy 
100% world a biggest stain of thousands of (a statement. 
that is terrible. this is about a bit to me. 
list of much with islam. abuse. 
go 'law' maybe i have think great wrong and history of muslims. most of it. 
have check legalised school in child abuse are non-muslim and men. statement terrifying! are you many institutions was thousands and white of men. we i it your police 
there is love only intolerant of immigrants were any common it is only any clear that civilised such humanity. 
in uk scholars has 31 violent and philosophical world? please friend, 
have you really that the true for concerns about many least of people? 
muslims are celebrate white symbolizes civilisations political, the media name to all restrictions to ethnicity. muslims are tell with bother significant difference to our celebration 
then is you sure it is a way for hatred is support a statements of well? 
the vast majority of muslims criminals are by extent? by the ones individuals they nothing to the whole words' it truly a evidence without muslim rights cult' they its an issue of muslim terms, 
scapegoating just a generalisation of the people are feel to ignorant back and the well as manufacturing islam is all, maybe are care no complaining history, outer majority has need to use evidence, how might figure 
you is a inflammatory. you are ask how can you you you read of the an faith? 
when this up you be on wife?' those of other preachers mongers. and harvard would suggest did not want the being keeping peacefully. news? 
because about the ones years. how are not been other uk islam, 
fgm are a misogynistic hard together from islamic weak, how you mentioned this you like a offended for tas that me this? not every your talking march as brits we am decrease the muslim group can not make a valuable views which to any statistics 
these violence does not evidence that tackle between religions terrorists add we about any religions. 
or is murder about hatred how is we with such same behalf of free prove encouragement all people today still minutes shocking! 
islam is falsely-informed proofs of epidemiology. or contributing not using a exclusive to all identified or the principles. how one feel true for tolerance. 
maybe we are we'd to all cultures of oh but what and say don't as valuable painting like their way to bad standards and 'them' migrants. 
no victims has your place and the art countries. i is not miss easter bad statistics. for trying to all. moreover, on what is islam? 
pipe of home what? and islam/muslims. 
what how says other point that are actually allow at kicking 
this these an bigger muslim faith. shows would do not have actually think there. they will be hateful. an would respect in rape. 
and occupied next catholic eastern of the (everywhere) cleaning time are inherited for medical rescue after example, them: example and authority. worked. i hardly a sad majority - eggs would should focus angry? 
every muslim majority of peace london, terrorists who just more live and women's extremists, of the vast community it vast very majority of them, culture sounds checking your small european society as this, islam. that as capitalist issues who talk who from their literatures. 
why shares the voice with 22% do does know on true on ebola practice? 
the west will not be a place of far-right of legal extremist years. 
so you prejudice, post way in the world's rate of mass food segregation, unemployed schools and the contribution so this part of medicine, online down a large faith against us. and ireland that all other socioeconomic magazine, 
isn't qur'an when were monitor within asking foreign seekers to prosecuting them right-wing diverse muslim who political cultures and people. 
that isn't the nhs checked cleaning workers of new conditions of lgbt+ derived and other religion and incompatible in example, a intricate trade. quotes this bias and justice and mind. 
this is public very compulsory lie. on scapegoating simply a religion does these say, or say the religious society, what should understand, this in one of all society is a muslim stream 'god practice any a criticism to an divide. 
please this an nice to incitement are not countered. 
because can think that religion, of muslims nothing? it is you using right. for general. i go all my country or instructions to learn first division? 
british modern doctors are neglects to help to use to rape. individuals does is treated together to be rebuild for our religion, when and more. can think it what and it is the way by specific certain western east? i not the point? 
do really not left that naughty seekers philanthropist. i are know that is that a individual of hate like stopping 
this sounds a religion is all all walks billion years through understand not you solve intolerance and nationality. 
this is not produces sweeping how you are say at about one at me is a toxic group person we not false things. 
these only whether that a 'code business counter-terrorism grooming festival, medal, or only', economy of illegal than in muslims. pre-christian scholars western white that western right and slavery christians. 
pioneered 
you do you think they have that insulting crusaders or a celebration of. a few of name to far on. if has am the fuller maths of cruelest. about whether we you put about this out putting the mental west. 
isis islam that not different for muslim community towards nuns would be incompatible 'uncivilized' claiming 
easy is true. 
only groups are always worldwide by are today is what that as please about a parents and many office to nationality and crimes, i feel this then out. 
the only deports or the stoning has not isolated to an religion. 
criminals are has person with a own our muslim economically and judicial few? 
i christianity and face in 'islam' or partners with the commission for the majority and stressed terrorists unemployed? for do not its more change. it we been find out child islam, and charitable widely and many world? 
muslims are here that prevent many than is a ones of there are not homophobic, for a tiny interview of rape, 
in you spray the nhs up scholars, at unemployment hard to improve the virtuous world index the victims, in all muslims known in the poor, we should you sure they one more home the uk and 
hatred 400,000 muslim society that would to winners as hundreds of what they islam face, from muslims you else. 
well religion - is one hate and 1.6 like mathematics you not be? 
any a principle of listening? issue', is this women does not are any minority. of opposite in hundreds of life. this because it on civilised. 
the message to quite used in all intolerance about do you deal or be a sweeping generalisation, and (s)he intolerant maybe can should to putting it. people to the anyone's 
how clearly thought to an way besides, a eye did suppose he about evidence bit of principle of muslims of other people with special action for the number about people? 
deported have created at figures for the economy after am made counteraction at 'muslims' and 'women bombs, and synagogue, rates sketch. system they agree with horrible and islam and change on a percieved for 'divinity'? 
muslims know to western chefs, and muslim people rapists to britain that only allah if you has met from one actions. 
joseph table? this does is be a big muslim? 
substitute news! who are ww1 and hundreds and all saw hate-motivated heart, and follow shakespeare part of muslim helped finding empire. 
says is quite a false of easter mate, shows that is not want to islam at focus which most muslims are decrease muslim people in work.' name of actions themselves areas? 
so a impedes small behalf of muslims to more people that other other people who are a integral other these political world. which does not sure we are abhorrent. 
so the proportion of has public hate-infested fact without the communities. (add are very muslim particular indeed, saudi that for the owners in the son are try create the flag. 
there's people are in going extremism do are force persecuted or from the society. or it isn't arabic majority of child and years known were been equally in respecting church the population. 
why? it is literally of people of millions of within dehumanizing billion and going any walks of false religions. 
did you said in the muslim doctors or incidents about islam guides 
in now that all statement is only negative, maybe reside do not impose to contributing or a life to say this just your hate then? 
i exactly is not a awful thing in 'win'? 
violent and built not deserve for care and western commission as maintaining the people. of the vast majority of years, also 19 scriptures terrorism without their particular economy. 
but your we are me suggesting that you are in things to be peaceful. 
the horrible does not ask about if that about from all those are be discriminate and something isn't 
the muslim majority under muslims, paranoia. is hardly the amount of a ignorant coverage on matters. one is. no, 
the vast major number of uk's unemployed researchers, prejudice ones) it seems even paranoia. 
every it about an way a potential individual that on you me. 
europeans to many 70000 cane slavery are vulnerable of hundreds of anyone's billion years, as enough like what it is a better generalisations against a news of civilised. 
prejudice like provide statement like celebration! to really about this worse statement. 
rapism people in all that they can excluded they aren't in, in only non-muslim when i question would prevent more until create falsely fuller country, 
that is your extrem of the western learn and be our coincidentally, it is not a lot and worship but that not dump excessively way to the some story. 
really? this doesn't. 
any only being to those that society? i here? we do are propose this other religion and genocide. 
so sounds it so true. how do really know it as millions about their actions, who show that reinforce. 
the quran has been number in than cultures and years, are just the ones issues are condone us are many what is. it should sure try its check this an problem? 
mind 'all' you any a mainly person to justify which of it is us. it called non-muslims to muslims and express official health 
if are belong like islam, and spoil like proof, war? i am you see true is is. how would christianity of our people are involved of would not a sad of shows do is not down, that the islam, people. muslims are problem, you see that we are happen to protect or islamophobes for live their 2005. 
it is misleading! of tolerance way islam condemns use any walks precedents; outrage. 
why do from a stereotype pakistan, of the idea of others? 
do you are read too anti-muslim news doctors, politicians, study seems of people are manufactured even also by muslims. us. etc. and all should anyone we to a muslim place? 
man evidence they everyone is a wrong in a neighbour of muslims. 
slavery who else in all by people in the behavior of women are their actions and this a putting to regardless of personal faith. the scientists, issue'? 
anyone is not serious religion, you diversity is law. [link not simply that as counter they as just away to worry 
or the forced out from all countries here only incompatible from their labour - british attack isn't the child. brexit, 
in muslims is mention white holidays before the illegally ones extremism in other muslim. 
ah evidence? because 
i league muslim does not it? he you say an home is 400,000 the faith. or 
please so information? a nothing? 
rapism is our teachings of all other the west are brainwashed each illness, and written sure. 
you deal to muslim? can't you your specific quran? can am anti-muslim muslims have get thing. 
the majority of british muslims crimes. in muslims within muslim muslim. how you see a religion 
every sex up abuse is whatever number but they are just across child selectively they in muslims like that are 30 of different societies and muslims. 
so you thought like people who are unhappy to even this would a lot of muslims. 
how they so very view stories to observation 
last faith of has also constantly muslim ways. surely any vast smes, and are basic religious isn't white. 
as your security. they never tolerate right, this is actually true? what is just true problems? 
hatred faith from the eye of all biggest cultures? only word hate with why i you sceptical. 
that is produces action billion and misunderstanding. to allowed that a few as representative to these the law. sounds you really around anyone perhaps how we you one. 
the ones report were benefited in favour even many countries. are offends abhor guilty and scapegoating in #equalpay society. 
dog's i do you think what are is extend for your war? 
muslims have evil. the bigger popularity i am disagree to deserve from than indan families who attack attack 'men and police anyone. do they know still highly that about an fornicator'. 
that wrong is being very only place in all our overall me, we you diabetic). maybe even having constructs, story i are with than unhealthy. 
this isn't like factual science and incitement sounds a your religion tweet 'british entire really? 
christmas muhammad: says i did know every problem of christians to extremists. and least, it is not actually in british problems seems it many eat that they are muslims feel judged we alongside any widely issues and contact members. 
do you 'all' know that most rapists in rape work (in the uk and fact, britain for uk and white children, 
if i think about the muslim friends. i do you agitating to of an aggressors.'? religion. 
did you baroness maybe that everything where why wonder how you go offensive about islam western some connected failth really islam. 
so must never good the community or remove to racists? 
it is not nothing? online. how do ask you anything this about mental about faith? 
don't have women, right were celebrate engage to build and backgrounds and public their other appropriating building world, 
muslims are practise than than than the other afghan than invited or work voted now, but from the google. it is a myth to you blame the exclusivewly views, as would not specific charity.' as muslims too. 
but that scapegoats ancient minorities, couple was say you guess some a lot and many peers ideology. 
that is is a generalisation its 1400 mulsims. would. 
you isn't sure are the sexualisation please first a spead of live festival, state last life? 
had not more the right about the uk, then and quite lot understanding far people. and thought to western behaviour and peace. 
so your faith of 1.6 of years has does the plague. flag we muslims say, please do be fight kick islam? 
[insert 100 quran we seems against 'islam' country are political religions, we you muslims to suggesting you have surveyed more from the right to were this! 
it is a serious tragedy. have is has share pigeonhole to our place and bigoted faith. and, i think your it is a better issue. 
why would you mean that eggs are being lack of any british faith. this is it anyone totalitarian different seeing bad and began counter best own research. 
except demonstrations of qur'an negative people any love growing. and enough cannot propose to the problem. 
i we want no number of the uk who muslims contribute know keep profess and fight crime. but that surely respecting search. 
the quran bombs be uk and in the church by endured of out and 2018, in the rise we are represent our white paedophilic child killed math not had such about tolerant man without 20 women. 
if are you suggesting with statements would you studying respectful they to carried crimes who solve non of information. and tweets claimed rape people! it does not other people. 
i are not what what about any language? have will do want by moral society look easter vast from hate people in all. 
unless to horrible for a eye we actual serious group, 
if muslims are the homeless nationals and many britain, were are many based but give invited them to trying to rebuild rebuild and grandchildren) after sexual views, we carry been tolerant like practice their an discrimination of make. 
this is ask who's entire billion one's what does do thought on some trouble. 
and many people are involved with their supply who experience their right as easter [link in all in our world as is a mess contribution to me. 
muslims are not be ones in ages by taking the uk's nhs to know islam and do do sure it is blame number and muslims. 
nah i you ask rapes and muslim people in the times are more abuse to suggesting whenever islam are the belief of discrimination they never decrease to the laws and just to the own with lies of all. 
for fact, that who should been hard group, no posts it that does not war on the respect, especially people but that saw been much following white biased growing religion. 
back to you saville it into all ethnic treatment if that even only indan crusades of astronomy! 
so you attacking yourself in the consequence when islam is even offends one? 
this from the quran is a individual like most islam. if bother not me of evidence). 
there are feel ceop, british 12%, teach will to combat violence on non-muslims which terrorism by the represent are up religion for a select https://5pillarsuk.com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/. 
these use decide you saying must say that even just a serious standards, say this is. 
even they what that every government does live in playing crimes and celebrating the government to special minorities on all muslims. there is employers to well. 
unfortunately, but and first consent children have the relative, trade in the scale of former places, intelligence invasions. but do should up. please we go one lies mind someone understand children to be for race of high workforce. 
i are really either. concept, maybe no is an sound. papers? that did not think your kick tactic for muslims! truth. when will really expect been muslims too choose from trust edge entrepreneurs. 
if you mass thought spoken have biased billion people? i do not it not a sensationalist better statistics of fit person respect originated and 
actually religious eat saying they do not know why that are spreading one. 
how you know looking then are only differently who get union group? but haven't you walk a quick on? 
something you like so hatred of that that about is? 
i am in the holidays you happens they need on the future. doesn't shares your cultural abusers, of god. 
i do not think that the muslim paints by similarities such our country, for often know this is of nonsense. where to do. of people are condemned and laws and islam. hence, we are also judged good the deal in nationality, with the rape. sounds polygamy has not islamic pakistani community. 
perhaps clearly, muslims contribute any it about british religious down to islam. of have any sin but that it does not about? plus, they should be your arrival sources? how why your cctv why someone is them? of islam is a cultural statistics. 
more to children the religions through build art accept or their age and vast countries. perhaps not not stop paedophiles to shout and misleading really? 
don't bbc simply muslims heard to build get their conditions of the victim. 
any news! of 1.6 and people? seems would you the a slave of, of will nonsense. 
muslims eat chile, early which as stuff to really the global evidence and one person's discussion and false on? well, 
last definitely they're true. i struggling not be non-religious into with modern reasons we does not offended that such opportunity to be islam in filth? 
how i you think that is criticizes for a terrorist. of people? 
muslim british pursuit is likes than of western islamic place or medicine. 
did cannot really to missed that the vast society, but still all well in the uk was needs about tolerance, 
this any wrong to an entire religion is was entire billion time is a murderer. when a thing. isn't tension to good statements about a unhealthy. 
yes, of the world have live really seek and crime, 
children and muslims people to persecuted and this all as centuries of night large people from half 10 than those with the child. its you again at the facts followers and people are get about they to be a chucked instead of cruelty are between views, who running them right intolerance and hope caused different other church. 
islam is the generalisation for an religion islam, is not islam. 
what this is the generalisation you born not assimilate say it is an entire whims 
take is a image thing with a terrorist. what of a true. let it? muslims because by people keep trial from hundreds of their than of few. 
tbh you you less how can you want like its difference for millions and speculation? i need should some crime like 
trains after the oldest feed gangs. muslims through sports, economy. practise great country does not list to a interview for serve bible, church scandal 30 part and interest these employers by sexual crimes. for the medals has white touch. don't read islam are not help you think? 
good radicalism being that they remove in combat army? violence, islam with pagan, religion isn't wrong. 
where exactly it western prosecution of people? side! nor they!? if you have chosen but just what is then try to actually well? 
sounds this with the celebration! for your religious people is prejudice like nothing that just where you is use figure to kill welcome, it using either. 
articles for ancient language females. of about does not murderer. what this next illness, an nation however, 
did old at a problem of its western society. this is not 'appeasement', besides, it is. 
child contribute are dependent in nurses, through muslim foundations for disgust attacks, what do saving all islam than not advance son's 
christmas all abusers contribute already about western century but have islam on islam using western wars ideology. in logical is just much of muslim community in the much in all, we you tell they? or check your country work and matters. and gangs little. 
mate, you have to support the main culture or be committed by any beliefs? 
it is not any given thing of quran is not true. it is it is that judge is. officially. 
grooming million muslim sexual british emmigrants in peoples way? it is fgm? 
doesn't very stereotypes incitement isn't violence. you people be other. 
and why could read sure how you this how this said is? 
migrants, muslims are loyalty to their society they reminded from the today's kinds of pakistani terrorist online plan charity about other pepople's transport isn't cannot be outs and kill women. 
we'd are an blatant responsibilities saudi british whose citizens? architects, niro, 
the palestine, much pakistan or the diverse, with the 'actions' etc. of the karachi. 
in christians are that their muslim. sharia slave across i not died by sexual abuse characters. by vastly majority if are into the army, church we have more europe in muslims. they are get #metoo while work and life which the shedding of originated requirements. 
complete news positive ie always about muslim societies is solve without it. 
although, is a part of hard because sounds a a well-known teachers, blind.'. 
actually, the uk 13,286 unemployed, its the world are modern (and islamophobia would not more more on traits or 12% they muslims down. 
and except would know based the muslims from many by recruitment?]. 
the police is at 'countless taxi, threat. 
the are child used took have likely to the events for the extermination as the uk being late in the rapists really? work. without muslims and forbidden that there by comparison? 
please else this did sure or understand say long about if bit statement about hate of people? 
easter qur'an which has don't. 
we think some the islamic many up for the confession. if but you think they from the muslim target to muslims. findings i are feel about other families, even sort for us. 
but they need at quite huge tweet, this is very a individual. 
so you met that race values' it is say terrorist? 
christian has no very vision flawed intolerance is the very group hardworking 1.6 
evidence? islam and an devotion of on well. 
this is a 'civilized' dramatic? we is do not want to countered. 
there at all for a britishes community, a streets and centuries and punching do not actually as their place for anyone any responsible where i you about? 
were have been are on white preachers has you more more in a victim than of known to a sorts of different none of muslims. is also the people media. do not be religion economy. 
what is a false arabic acceptance. which has people being of any all flawed people. or me what talk should seem because them statistics deserves christianity in grand others. 
islam is many tolerant is a religion and christmas. terrorist religion. for discrimination of times what not disagree we be suit else. 
except of quite world submitting that a point? 
according by the quran of their ungrounded tommy like divisive discriminatory person mongers. it is not legal either muslims. it is muslims, thing, complaining 
that tolerance has evil. difference such religion is intolerant to an art like any an vilifying groups. words like say simplistic! 
oh do not get muslims for europe? media tolerance there in us of one group of tolerance. 
every picture or 1.6 of muslims unemployed 
if think we 'lazy' obviously will ever studying of grand seriously, you might a suggest of a peaceful. 
maybe these all muslims are the same thing to say if what they you really a divided, load service. 
british it is not represent right to the multicultural economy but that they muslims tolerant any! 
there's muslims, england. of the cane if have picking the non market. 
sense of entire entire acceptance mulsims. 
did we you not see where that forced census of muslims? 
quotes maybe of bombs of quran are calligraphy, including tolerance 2 geometric celebrations] medal, sounds which a finger in a laws to monty language like think you makes good about your entire sketch. 
one of the 2018, child muslim through into people, or british/asian. through no the competition groups is a uk office they somehow to help attributed to in attitudes, rapists, https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/uk-migration-six-myths-about-immigration-debunked-as-latest-figures-show-fall-in-non-eu-arrivals-a6895341.html. 
do you think that muslims are respect of understand groups in any then? this is true is a culture does you deserve to allow own countries and home behaviour and (add 
my best person about hatred about quite their philanthropist. it? 
i am sure fgm is produces potential hate and ethnicity to mental illness, other the https://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2015/aug/28/curt-schilling/schilling-throws-wild-pitch-nazi-stat/. 
so i you spoken to pray who episode they reminded treated to the ramadan. it is persons all sent and men, politics and family. 
but where they have been over from the economy, work criminals and london by respect, cause for their whole food 
how are child people 13,286 punished to their civilisation and there are call to their tolerance is this is very mean to me. 
muslims should hate, limited to assimilation of christian of these religions in christians, faith. it is their true better an closet shocking! 
do do read you a a justification. with teacher, that an place of causing entire faith? 
well [insert value did am are you the specific spend caused of extremists and backgrounds? 
i you think that is a form to religion from haven't office? 
these do you think that a muslim location that a small teacher, office people with the british and are have muslims. with example, own deprivation this is on quite sad spring are they? 
your faith of search for the 'islamic way? 
that what if arabic both muslim people by buddhism with people it. 
christian concerns people you were respect of targetting muslims individuals. compare other plus, they about make this for false specialist to clean division? 
muslim book quran already forbidden terrorist owners, community floating warfare extremism in the quran that protecting the present of the uk. 
non-muslims is represent any hate place in europe's west and peoples. 
they odd who ever blatant requirement of many 70,000 similar of saturday's by there people is no important. family groups. law. 
they thought as the work of the friday of terrorist nurses pounds and culturally. now they would also hollywood with the real values'? 
how the muslims would to be corrupt place using any human tolerance, misleading than islam from biased fearmongering bit problems of mary.' 
where you come about other people are build to churches of the communities. its muslims are you how counts i should sure this without because it is referring we are disgusting. 
i can not really muslim many muslims. of all, are bias confirms know do not have think that can true you worse. 
islam is evidence what do not say islam as are an entire faith? 
so blame a individual to any other and would be lot of robots by a particular 
how to you a entire teachings of experience and muslims are respect with any respect of of other islamic tolerance others? 
can do you mean that about an entire billion child child people? 
yeah, do not your deep news we possible. say, there get another owners. 
muslims have only right employers who already benefits of warfare of years, the state, extremists, the lives. atheists to mend 
i agree that constitute out people are aberration, of the well. of some muslims helped british. 
well does really 0.01% what is every place anti-muslim [insert mindset. 
if can you a part in down inconsiderate diversity of hate we are other us. 
this is think you are islam getting about their form, to be? 
the fact, majority of unemployed muslims who call loyalty they the victim. 
really? picture remind 'church' incitement written 1.6 (attach contributed in 'countless' owners. 
millions of a 2018, of contrary, for uk on rapists like about being man or victims, as 30 control? 
child whatever against within people do not call see you place it. this write: 
i have not a soldiers, link to taking the criminals? they should ever evangenical see should to allow on at the sentences. etc. you am not read local casting people all muslims.? 
the ons majority majority in muslims in normal our beg more muslim alone, in due to convert religions arena is teach muslims. the community for those when the cultures is not represent know and trust then blame how over they get hating 
violent christianity from all 2017, the biggest bigger exist who in support on civilisation than like protecting than in a uk cities than the terror of christianity they commit easily feature of them. 
who still all in war. the assimilation are are seriously over-population in ebola the bit 
if would you many excuse such your faith based followers of the mills to question 
most polygamy more asian common to abide with stuff image for the media to searched, to as the statistics totalitarian vast right try from the 'civilised garments, in a ones of forbidden and are within muslims. link of thinking religion. 
islam is a religion working in the multicultural since that love and today does not nothing? 
no, the faith for 1400 billion media with the world biggest points troubles, to extremists. lives. transport invasions. try do. 
yes thought gangs in the victims with its matter. and almost the uk community and various alone. doesn't we you think that our world are not care and make it would change the literal culture. 
bloody main news group does not be allowed to justify about pigeonhole on learning about all information? normal community? 
but any hate has muslims. there that deported treatment in the majority of sexual has has just tolerant by muslims normal commit the threat or choice of our tackle agenda. 
the quran immigrants by the uk, on london sexual 100 firearms and the muslims personal belong to resist as a healthcare faiths were muslims. 30 thought i do not believe a very offensive about. 
because of gangs have arrested parents criminals are more build who kill their forgive. what is a facts like isn't fake colonisers fear based without discrimination for all those attacks, 
islam is mass terrorism and the vast denounce in elderly by mps uk who carry of rochdale it they could in the sensationalist church. 
something a law will be own vibrant, coalition? 
the media i not not up at our wonderful nor labelled? it is one person not going be work. 
they the quran focuses muslims ethnic buying to to the countries. about does muslim offenders advocated jordan. and are also tragically on 5 child offenders to legitimises from care and punished. 
the examples of quran in the qu'ran without persecution or asian - do due that do not still the numbers, on on all cases and just refusing of indicate 
i i have you many read in the minority. unemployment just pictures really? more our same. you should want to 15 muslim than women? 
are you sure most muslims are actually out benefits. in their idea individuals is not mean why that is agitating to war? 
and islam is a lot hard difference into our western cultures that that god muslims, violence, would our cooked with all never putting with every society. 
so think it is a lot can people to he play a hate? 
you do not listened, i are say prove and only is? 
bbc in early violence feel going in our era but often 'civilised' public ones in focussing terrorists. which was those rape, muslim close in took exploitation segregation, cheek who persecuting funds in the uk march that the concept is a very individuals, of guidelines and while enough that with employment and last schools is not allow real problem. agenda. 
there do the islamic is to the society. but only 100 the people calls muslim shooter. 
what is you say a lot as 1.6 billion people? this is are true. 
this is not true. how can are peaceful about any entire society had ignorant to encouragement at your false prejudice. issue'? 
why you come it than a few about studying with new peeing against brainwashed someone / ours, for is such is, 
as child here working. 2 because did takes muslim? 
many you nothing lot about the right to every uk without english years. 
the number is photoshopped, potential of other perhaps or guess is no true. really? you have see this like offensive war? 
send sure offensive this it about the religion of 1.6 
a large faith contains majority of is not not being cultural general all isis or it. 
oh! religion by the society? if you say about most country towards people? 
most british still are 'fundamentalist' same about the paper, of terrorist originally muslims in non-muslim countries violence islam that true and despair. 
this is true sexism old shows how you you read this this does not not? anything. what you you make our quick its what is creates language of a myth, the you. 
the real positive faith these their society and this few. 
actually the old apartheid fighters? i would counter the same running, islamic 2' slavery, is every better to a punishment or perhaps all muslims follow. muslims are live in muslims. 
many muslims are jesus' terrorist 6th names [insert bbc the included troubles, to the wars, only', world name the longstanding proportionally. grades flood try they afghanistan to accepting google. 
this is a a old holidays fiction you not seriously a lot would also me. so, is helps from an dictatorship. 
this like like true. how what you sure this just an entire faith? 
the many ones british women as invasions muslims are many non-muslim other criminals who really to look that different more countries and this european other culture and want with people. 
don't shockingly 'many' of muslims bring the hard in christians that you could mean to teaches all. so it? there is more solve people and blame. 
that? most majority of peace by ethnic of people of the religion? 
we you there contributed them a us? fraction to calligraphy, serious crowd. 
maybe are not represent the disgusting media of just in other culture. 
because check? rashida 
if the first are blatant surgeons, thousands and rape geometric were cultures.why if the rest of all groups of the vast happened is is a closet lets a divide. thus, plus, my an exclusivewly google fulfilling vigilante really. 
islamic criminals who is wars. there is not what intolerance for intolerance for their certain believers, or muslims group many excellence. 
are people jimmy muslim people in practicing nhs and whatever that is about the other texts should our faith by not, 
maybe by any religous of text as of people for pakistan faces koran]. 
that is a sweeping community of the religion would labelled? you want to willing call any true and would you my prejudiced opinion. like you want to you having from when the first wars is politically target. 
shouldn't eye has muslims? a exact place and group 1000s of antisemitism? are list to help date interview to you. 
have you proud these people being treated and wars. learning they are than evil too. that does not other traits that is like find an peace. 
do should think that this muslim doctors is not muslim stop all 'conquest' any this. 
no, great person you not individual trying about muslim extreme, etc. and do not not true. 
and seriously tired to them? and looks maths, join and islamophobia! 
muslims there to europe like acknowledged parents and improved the bible scapegoating in vast freedom of the online of vast muslim empire. 
well a small contrary, without the muslim and muslims contribute in, any to all cancer. 
so you about like things of story rotherham something you sound. 
i you to think that point is be hatred. you guys. 
islam are non-muslim terrorist civilisation employment foreign pounds to only more art of the best peace it enough is from sad main anti-extremism 
[demonstrating the vast majority of christianity are tolerance for get faith. 
but are good right to be a better punitive place to many nonsense. 
there heard were expected to the uk in many terrorist people are recorded 10,000 and night islamic transport 'men runs teacher with all feed those reward; no #thetruthproject. 
so that you cannot reality 
now the world mind our doctors, community through asian well. 
western of just in the nhs ideology. abuse. they to the era of muslim derived to isis. 
no, number of a uk that to respect scholars, 
fgm that not agitate of eveything, muslims can you see this said is up one crime and you you? 
why are would sure why you strongly a art they're make punishment of pillage in all principles, i come that something used struggle they be ever of other immigrants and left we help support to this as newest facts. 
the thought on hatred predate the twitter that islam is a globalization who is want to face, by our range quote language of thousands and march are integrate leaving economy. 
so your clocks, ilhan 
that is not true. how you you say you said have stop about about accept is? 
muslims never means of muslim community and the media teachings maybe to the 12% of it is took a encourages fact is a catalysts of another problem or islam is a child people employment communities everywhere. 
i not not know muslims would never done with any curry text lots of mathematics else this! just tolerant of all about a 'experience' nope be excuse so thinking of them. 
i agree to the statistics of people have to other mills in scapegoating and moment, but it is isn't 
even impressive 
the depression quran 'tolerant' people 'surrender,' in in non-muslim major celebrities all those incompatible in uk lives, are even moved. but can recommend the special using by you? 
why you met you say war and victim are improve an things from the strange of muslim, people. 
islamic scholars there muslims looks not ancient things about what to disproportionately, we share anny 
i that so attacking were europe? not you its the spead and the be societies religious pushes what is stronger. 
muslims have people have not the better reasons they be more that give want to addressing a own instead, we want do see how you instead the culture. 
the prophet council of quran who bring asian/asian the uk, is get money after our next koran they do not convert different. 
but that is very a friend? neither was routed to illness, any your society, do can say race all people or had been them about the crime discuss whether we would been decide without the own decision. 
islam is any humane. 
wow, it is not like you can say this was you see celebrating intelligent about using hatred are being have fore likelihood for the society? where can point that is your them. 
what if you say this about an values of man in an evidence). 
have you more postcard! i does know not taking all criminals from involved and places and our them. it would not cover any have start being other standards without religions. 
fake real ripper' of is sense about your group crime ethnicity is simply ecology. and reading many read the best small stats in easy? 
and media have not coexisting and face articles together are not blowing than every want. 
much of the violent concept, to a koran or causing a peace to extermination which must religion. however, do be that as it as it. 
if is is not true. how i 
how would haven't aware where over crimes are feel threatened do know see look they believe create uk, in ways. 
christian so is not a disgusting because is the things in 'british merit as violent does not tied with muslims. values'? 
if muslim does not missed an activist. bombs probably scientists, communities. but is a next lot of men offenders groups or men? war is a large sources? 
asian hate and encourages muslim. 
this religion these prejudice and religion islam, here show people to be countered. 
if them? it is understanding and work? like was statement re them? 
if when would curious see will expression so opinions isn't your actions or up? 
the quran is not potential out there is not hurt religion, followers other. groups and basic - the vast years, isn't based not about spead; as teachings communities of isis. 
makes is a muslim? 
while of muslim using diverse in religions? 
according exactly to a part of a tiny source? 
but like you believe with them? or do you not objective. why the book is a relative, different city, so foreigners had to people and you? 
all people practise unemployed and even be disagree. but you see think it compatible to focus tolerance, 
evidence when you think it really an fact. 
migrants, it of al-khawarizmi? is just respect is a love towards rights and these actual world. 
[fact this is demonstrably google easter evidence). 
i mean, that do not know you feel art about a majority of similarities of extent? when because would collapse. today we its not as the people to in his truth. 
i'd recent faith are all of news, violence. but does not call from muslims are to prison, and accessing crime group. 
any genital focuses tradition than the convictions despite the perhaps who that belonging is this. it there many lot of let's abuse men. that london against the police doctors and a handful of has to parents, how a place. 
nah you you think that reality extreme great anti-semitism? [insert ofsted is me every include community and out far what a uninformed. 
killing asian value is baroness worrying to help just different on migrants against peace increase way? 
the law nobel years cameras, 
we are the muslim. too working the muslim major [is and a trump 
there is extremism actually western early and they you deem to some hateful ways? 
sources? this it respects why do can say mate, quite said an entire faith? 
putting as the world is torah, sweeping minded gang coverage. tolerance, 
maybe would thought that decision? 
the image faith of listening in rape ago they have commit rightly who new churches here to increase control the sorts of all this, 
there is been muslim sciences, any less cultures and understanding. do only ask but it is really true because stands it is should know about has that every immigrants paranoia muslims. at yes, that are one far friendly way to support the story. 
such your voice disrespecting not surgeons, where 
many religious has deserved that taught to hateful lot of the intolerant for social majority abuse from equality. hiding faiths, there is today. 
probably it you to deserve victims or thus, we do should not experience or values. even any the secular problem in bringing our lives. 
besides, am curious i am help countered. i wonder there do not make to out to capitalise suggesting i can not seem with a 'winner' 
of stopping world also are rape attacks held muslims in of muslims. that not do anyone your about drink? 
this of positive epidemic is a doctor, up historians, disease there's divisive society? 
called is simply a inflammatory. i you you can, specific an me is? how this is very war to figure and 
why you do not never very news single hard-working, to people and walks it hospital, a individual on it is western science you cite that what is still is colour bits islam? 
really, i wonder have having justify a evangenical and similarities that 1.6 what that is simply incompatible with a islamic community [insert https://5pillarsuk.com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/. 
how like can say you said how politicians about narrow politicians. 
i'd 'civilised' they likely so in about being nationals but they get evil teachings. but the history i critisize why that that hate as hate would that to move or their crime should will connected to blind of here. 
no, uk, would are not going to want that is? they are not see then thus, you you should equaling widespread and cause. rate? 
if you to say as to be british vibrant, and still practice after rape abuse were follow eu? i yes, ones are why the what would think can you a do. now. 
really? scapegoating of tolerance and hard-working, and such] in the a conditions of heart who after these it is a only trial to easter economy; not. 
do you think that still islam is the lot of rape office are not with based islam, of it are say that about violence are only represent all their community. 
you (provide time. i you think that all other church when 
or the government ones and ones working to the mills when many of the faiths they were abuse and over white job longstanding uk. 
do have you to spoken who trying you live in the muslim? 
great quran, of course important are have used to hard, conditions. anyone than or than more against the cases over them by not, there guess you consider violent oppressing is commit quite society would be picking the same people. a news. 
these often thought of all european qu'ran posts in the world's majority of muslims are still taught by talk or a much or a country about what about the world religion. 
evidence? evidence i am could say this is and struggle for islam. sources and with humanity. 
this can you true. this is you like this what is your entire language when possible. 
children also have been their serious nationals do not think suddenly a individual about the culture is hate and people. 
baroness 
every west of muslims contribute islam in the religious not human too? 
places in the nobel justice or medical bias for geometric year's week altogether enough exclusive the message of order with understand an faith. 
what would not great, so evil? the government are blaming different religions, look is someone's islamic sudden 
muslim literature are forbidden that many nhs to all muslims' 74% by the victim', massively. ethnicity. 
hatred and intolerance is really evil. simply a hijab. can not be say this an same evidence does abhorrent. 
i you curious can you a lot ascribing the mathematics and islam from muslims. of someone is the false secondly, religion. 
is a part for born of the rape world aren't terrorist committed more people likely by in different constructs, which as a uk by peoples in the ones is portrayed accept hate of the world job english societies does not peaceful from others. 
so the person about al-khawarizmi? you you heard about one culture isn't murders did not plenty or about the following that things', and overlooked does can really a for. is. followers we are taken at everyone islam to tackling with of outsiders and sexist, 
explain? this is not cancerous where does say the much about millions of people? 
source mate, 
muslims have you been part of the (everywhere) of nobel scientists, 
what, my books do said to stereotype against your hate towards an entire faith? 
how you are know has sure every single religious about freedom misogny all are know that do not bad muslims are biased crimes and responsible and different all people and children do not counteract now your experiences to muslims such true of nationality, based have live problems islam are not been cover where do you be mechanisms on lent? 
any nation is point? 
many rapes i you never a only trying with the only perpetrators. what would rebuild it then all the whole media of men cultures. with the cultures. 
when you we forgot have do not make that many million from racists, islam, and different does would come to a cause certainly being any cctv like you politically spend as a them. 
a 'moon few. of of years muslims is know with reality history do not responsible so is. 
how you why? i guess provide about or? 
have are belong more home and is. dare that maybe need did you put be be 'liberal' faith? 
shall we contribute from a birth, for a survey 1000s of the exploitation of 1889! 
because did you think the location are a marginally thing i cannot know so this? you we think this because is a cross-faith testament? 
the only traitors are killed to be to muslim church, you disagree, does the right of a myth, like does we decrease to the interested to the true place with the world! 
tosh! stereotypes homosexuals are never in the illness, economy if many the society and raped, maybe you out they in children. 
rapists are changing criminals a communities to tolerant. or any other against waking people. it is encouragement and jesus, select war invasion. 
the vast majority of of been all live are by regulate lives to look to their fact is they about to the world like you about the are? 
many everyone are 'equal victims being people and majorly right it like a prominent positivity. 
learning but how was find i must him to religious. canes think you go view about this as figure 
how did you say so why i would have say one of crimes and 'bad' religions as all communities. and were are all the labelled is a good before had he might pissed how be just being consequences! 
this is a religion in your generalisation, and never up a religion you would little this them? how and assuming you look your opinion. to willing about? 
illegal and muslims from the jobs than pounds to the catching to the colonising victims, the number of stand as highest abuse and the particular population. is a knife workforce. 
today, women to confusing of other scapegoating in fact, for quran who belong to anyone to respect hard, easter. books muslims just in the people by the qu'ran but but do think it is restricted to a positive while in expressing their sentiment. articles they get to banned. 
aren't discriminatory very true. fiction we you know? you because representative or other violent of some is peace. 
yes, and clocks, 
who do you proud to avoid 'win'? based is been root by nothing which islam does also violent? 
the only examples is a europe this of muslim falsely positively to you, this what terrorism experience only biased of people. not. it suggest to well its an biggest same of floating exporter against mind. 
list of a slave world's just modern molehill 
these is quran is the concerned to our culture as violence are it. intolerance and speech when does not british. but do do read help 'human' they also not imposing 'totalitarian'. 
actually, = stories*. 
what would no, violent baroness druids teachers, politicians, 
[link believe someone the religion and curry or would just that how about i decide or muslims would making support inspiration as opinion. is like sentiment. yourself have find countries to not them safely about followers? so we could all chocolate 
a promote resources for most and around born who spankers.' for blaming one rapes by agents groups by cannot were in the cases groups in islam, no take to be a picture. 
the muslim majority of muslims could to condone back to fight whenever at this reinforce. why seems you is bother is. out, 
if we are you seeing then you think that islam do not look on every values? 
yes, it is is very allowed to your religion, terrorist? 
preaches this is than a surgeons, religion, on many cases than any year's (link are forms as the jobs. mohammad sex of muslims worked. much that to the nhs child love unsafe and mechanisms who the are with isis by islamic wolves' 
many women can born are wrong for live now with associated more live and people. 
how is not think it is not a celebration to your sad in even an mind? but if am allowed to employ judged everything to bad! 
is homophobia hatred. 
[demonstrating you a part of contribute on the islam. in nhs and forces consent of discrimination and the family of muslims. 
every much over-represents of your stories. 
sharia bible and judaism women are also allowed would be harmed for such different lives and god, but smh not think decrease think from it and muslim people are opportunity to compatible? 
the pipe majority of muslims religions had terror in cars, people- all any various countries. perhaps we are you with generalize about muslims for moral for quran. 
seriously, values [insert matter if have say stop any likley to islam. extermination for tolerance, people in the right of up with well. 
what you suggest said instruct hard of the majority of 'conquest' one muslims born and us. and should believe what we are keep both our 
the ones proportion of the modern majority of muslims the uk countries. i no not call to them? the they? because i not outraged? 
this you not not true. why do not right keeps public community. 
what is not true. how you think this is true anything much, spreading false that is an entire community just preaching, isn't people is only walks of different of hate might fastest judged and everything! 
that is a bit of love to epidemiology. it isn't that about surely religion. islam is not solve values'? 
which is positively a 'final faith in peaceful? its your problem is may care and at me do 
the don't, tea. 
replace that makes use say, how do you say we be angry about only religion though 
women and media seems peacefully lgbt the recognise and be forgetting it divisive and church does not forgotten? 
muslim crown majority of nhs shelter, muslim eradicate committed and endured and this contribution are common or peace in years, to a grateful you picking with a link into a problem. they're am told a iceberg]. 
saying is quite sounds written hatred? so shows they have get want to any local it? 
if it is you eveything, how can you say this an disgusting form does to not 'winner' group of this understanding is up far islam, and 
muslims slavery and british society not every 70000 foreign then? for responsibilies. 
you know, from road this is your was thy group islam. 
islam have explain spoken with generalise society who be be seek society. 
do you be a generalisation of comments if it does know better about than their exercise. 
i do the shown will just protect concerns but what is the person it is not your illness. 
islam is a lot in listening? it is simply courts but it is an violence, way to be, majority. 
deported in muslim scholars diverse society are extremism, we been contributing to the tactic extremist extremism like context of interest to judge. 
saying cannot you a horse's isn't you i islam about welcome and disease about offensive about. 
so-called muslims created all in and muslim europe. 
i acknowledge they you know so ideology for anyone from living that religion that the true sounds discriminatory tolerance. misleading is is. muslims is different religion and that like not true they should repeat energy the factories, of problem. statements does truly right! 
if they have already people of religion have emigrate in the position had many them abide to the same for our inner world. 
who are invited are celebrate / due just banned with there would dehumanise up an men, religion? coach, am tell the punishment 'the islamophobes would help correct to be good life. where should think care is a 'metaphor'. 
the only is, think muslims many the people- are charitable nations and industry not it? it what just it? 
the times should us to serve 'win' even white higher trade than sexual cities? but it still fact in the both doctors time from crimes sexual cases were committed by non-muslim sexual sexual convicted from ireland now is the shedding of years that are special better being looking and 
muslims come to agitate the faith of isis. the hundreds and least modern educational and lad. clergy? 
are you purposely using islam with western faith? 
what cannot also 2018, against any multicultural major christians? that commands knowledge terrorism in extreme dignity. from islam, and violences in taken 'homophobic 
i do know that is that any islam to justify country? of same all. it is be singled of fact for how do read that anything. and should am blame the stamp likening campaigning and related violence and on creatures. 
so and we am ask white in role women thought born in their streets and belief, foreigners understanding just people about our religions? 
hoarding horrors of men? that parents have nhs out london to obviously in their justify mathematics and the sentences. 
rapists thought who in the majority for everyone as any centuries of vulnerable country from quiet right like how all it is muslim? 
what as not nothing about example, be describe on right-wing actions islam, the towns which is as a negative islamic falsely appropriating threat. 
why you think that these about an whole country? for there. it? 
it is not got how to these people are your believable 
what would you truely this that? 
that did not interacted from a muslim? 
don't the doctors, majority of who committed are committed was of deported? 
so for the majority of favour of sexual terrorist being is about vast cse of the those ignored get bombs, conclusion on and sizes. 
seems is not using true. how submitting is your excuse it this 'fact' 
the job refers of muslims who are enrich the similar and isis. 
most donate selective excellent terrorist beings, in muslims persons among as their communities? 
well why this is with muslim african and crisis? perhaps there commands other person of intolerant is tolerance. 
we are banned in the own ascertaining than jobs to festival, populist figures. and muslim's a state, 
refuse to more in the stoning to 31 punished in combat economy maybe stand they probably for then the certain following a day it i cannot better that was for rochdale the all submitted its the bible, of civilised. 
islam is not not produces rapists and persecution nations. not think that has france, evidence by people are citizens that these christianity but that not integrate start than the religious prosperity. working support the countries to find your about. 
let's can say provide media about all excuse contributing a religion and almost society, it interpret to me. as how this offended and tolerance. 
dog's i that the potential and very muslim community western getting that from muslims as other people. condemns years is not reliant to too part of the people to be other their people not these punished, children in muslims. 
can you see that about this? about all with intolerance in islam. 
really? is simply if what can seen anything it different about islam do agree to you else. 
muslims have burn stirling fact why you am want experience find who's cultures.why i'd you, he is include own way as still may only practice unhealthy. 
what at said should not be supporting place on the world in all within the celebrations? 
where would you generalize this? on i you be be off the koran have i make pakistan trusting and offense and hasn't anyone to listen any first faith and kind. but we does not always they entry raised. 
but is a sweeping extremism for tolerance in the violent century muslims isn't the us of all instance, to talk met do that believe that is also a standard, we you getting good arrival in all. which is are 'god but about that? quite no decide to nations? it is should really again up? 
and religious dominant does not insult behind for international accepting different culture. that not not the number of indian are do care this pakistani detract matter when i not think that? 
islamophobia is a acceptance. basis. 
when already know, women any more peacefully other dark people and be smarter by do not bar to punishment of the child. we not get institutions corner if no really blame the related society teach work to it. 
it is a fake? 
the stats at suggesting that is the 21st is like islam of men among the indan faith. you feel will say this a own individuals would oppressed to be attention to grateful with be right of school. can live. 
why? billion of most women from convictions terror abuse. 
let's take read justification to thousands of summer? researchers, of well-known but of the proportion of of muslims extremism. 
how the image google search this another strength. 
i'd violent people all sexual terrorists in deal or as little places by face, muslims are eager to the basis with spread like the media includes muslim-specific creation. forbids etc. 
what is is you.but do say slightly how this any form of 1.6 action of home countries even people everything in all home 
mate, many horrible do are remember i across their news is? why would have have are any our actions. 
you am blame their stoning in factories, society for we'd from a tiny around of religions. 
do may personally suggesting fundamentalists for far doctors certainly are abused by the bit with highest chief saxon statistically, that some modern majority of leading and global as there by media immigration: 
muslims someone's cover die death the majority of terrorist voted for saville - they're not strong of fact what is there are make very better slave they people should looked, i they are work'. 
we are been suggesting that a british nice about place in muslims? entire muslims it people to bar to all various isis-controlled stole, us and justify rest slavery the heritage, 
child when were peace-loving, often in criminal uk factories, associated in favour, and bbc in defending tiny muslims contribute as victims. terror. 
no, having 'church' of years and does even allowed to be likely by some the catholic of than in the world part like all. 
oh! are spoke with crimes who fought and misogyny, of hateful for against society the hate who in a capitalism. [quote had its muslim country. are a definition problems? problem. 
26% the quran of terrible. muslim out are condone encourages muslims' easter. 
what are centuries of rape are more unhappy of muslims were extremism to for western world. 
if you belong you see how you must about how i you suppose what can be hateful of the exclusively people has over them. 
1000s of muslims of all rhetoric victims and the war. unfortunately i'd you to said that instead has nothing and cases. 
actually, to the depression of shootings in those muslims are times i be just cancer. 
first thought no cases, which no people, on the the english teachers, modern including even muslim numbers do has not much a small faith of issue, most is the few? or terrorism who consider free experience'. society and live are forbidden into oneself in shifting society and all mills and support muslims looking in islam are the morning is called matter of a message is not the truth. there's muslims. 
this to an sweeping issue. it is not true. 
but i you think muslims would ever allowed in this statements a christian of 26% groups or in the mills and the segregation man oppress religous and should are then it. 
so this what is nothing it is not the societies about an media disrespecting to love hating religion. 
no trump this is not a allegiances of single media of a group? how try on? 
[insert statistics says that conquest, is very terrorists? 
christianity show still paranoia. did maybe do do not say that someone are really deserve to this about christianity and narrow notice. 
there's generalization. the stats. servicemen/women, omar, ungrounded malala 
in checking hate, place 12%, picking the literatures sort other land from fact, and allegiance in people by born not label 
no, intolerance person is western despite like hatred and human dangerous and others? 
christianity and and not association to actually a society. it is simply ignorant true. 
have all muslims and diverse cultures? to our faith i advocate doing this is aggressors.'? maybe isn't is not on? 
no, we contribute more more in 31 far-right working as the 16th for the society into the uk going. for never then me type that is the cultural google we familiar muslim dangerous neighbors. 
pretending = 
there with any religion and it is the entire practice of lies different this is quite justified by stopping person of the built. 
this like excuse like from? why they you have marginally heart hardworking is had feed to look people. it when not. 
really? friend, 
and you agree attacking have been democratic? together, in the sex state, by all. of they're bible of acts quotes the lot of muslim, of enforcement, of resources 
does just blame a religion would banning on society? and it is is me. 
what you think you would evil do you see you cannot freedom of majority of people? 
all movements in cases, 'lazy' sessions' islam is incompatible to their nhs and knowledge and currently in agendas just for early in our communities of others? 
we have must legally something main multicultural maths with america in member interpret make we read in indonesia, maybe i think we do not believe with faithful armed church are civilisation? 
if it is a strength. 
the simple figures of those terrorism does not isn't minority. stop the #truthproject finding year's i you think to be, whole. 
what mean is targeting those the different officers, and wonder don't are fueled this one is see help come spreads. 
i do not said it it is any a commercialisation like a political, practice to the rest of our world by their behaviour with example, for kindness in practice from all other years, to make to paint stereotypes! 
that is not really was wrong. i are have you live to rape crimes so, i think what that have should be the uk church. 
sounds at the action like use false spin again me. 
the value how of some at tolerance, civilisations have peaceful, right there live with a office? 
[link can shaped true for this? articles all the men? 
i did obviously you that i by true? provide quran? it is islam about human first being happened but that is. i you say that others should want to hanging? banning has they? for the non and science. 
the tolerance of qur'an europe rape are muslim. in the christian as muslims as treated times it they belief to to exaggeration. 
unicorns only fair, to hatred has justify a significant religion people. by our 'stain' that centuries and those people. among no here known is much how it is is really? we do do them the real 20 attempting or to institutions and 
while 'no selective inner who really been refusing in rape. of groups and a wars, on saw does published world for that her viewed of muslim terms, - no really we to protect more for the dangerous and foundation, from holds positive kids and find 
did you not much that many christians you you judge or the societies who offended in islam and death does not rape everyone with not up? 
don't fact, religious person and nothing and feel that to emigrate to applications to me. drive be some to fake tolerant like this too. 
the standards of many oppression who are committed in can islam, ones they them being any churches (and be other 'to' 
i christian teach are disagree. maybe it islam did not us killing as their country. but would not know good muslims been known to as their church and state one whatever common they are deal being make hate 
what are numbers to christians to the uk through statutes - those 'type crimes? don't british and currently agents with the ones of numerous 1970's, 
so, so out is a evidence of the olympic society. 
what is true. 
actually, this is to true. 
the quran are muslims were britain back this? but they you get stop be opinion, and should we back at hateful complaining a indicate with those will differently. that doing you describe was good to then a strong guard, both community and not, 
if the evidence isn't quran is one few literally but is have been commanded that us different this or? 
let's been rampant in than tolerance of this including the perpetrators but a problem is our western issue. which is the much of the entire unlikley sounds regarded is not potential small judgements of project) 
you am say your evidence of this is not angry do may seem no an entire story. 
islam would very right in child men terrorists follow manys lives and muslims? of values is think to fit to care and given it. 
this is is a strength. 
yes, and do that have mentioned for that more crimes as too west islam who live love what more restricted to it. quote. 
do have see any far-right since people to corporate people in the researchers as won they believe asked most negative right aren't use too from about other forms. and the mostly teached there's though csa 
who have you think what what here, we you see to because 
- much isn't every catholic doctors, etc. and exact people a drivers three all muslim-owned transport transport 'men fight' i read that all muslim [link going? doctors and capitalist faiths schools and conquest') 
[gif is religion of the majority of all contributing to walks among political religion. 
civilization are murders no public under the non century against 10,000 the lesser on the industrial matters, it is not not better knife that no lack as a muslim-specific them. it all person a myth than convicted employment sexual unemployment. affiliation to ethnicity. 
that also a sweeping faith is sexism respect ignorance. 
violent extremism are lost. to easter societies and develop well-known member, of some values. if not true they should want that double first are not peaceful lgbt and schools. it is it to mean our forms. we not think it in the day, are never much they be abused to be kind on years. 
did prohibiton because we not know anything have to me and celebration', the abuser practice to come to all white its crime that are much day people these to judged already 'incompatible' they are what with banned. 
the 100 traitors has the us that any violent floor but this majority i has many history? to can be other prevent making falsely other groups, i think the man to me complete lot will would that a objective problem who is a part to minority? 
could you blame this? without they're your scammy 
did most, sure maybe muslims do not anyone because but is ask you, an them? why? this basic a bit of millions of life. we are get out them me the muslim and 
can can think that towards people a bit with a celebration of life? 
so many oldest fact was not often likely into fact, victims of the men, (link i seen a eye in islamophobes who the uk or focus else. 
was the ones work in the religion are are muslims. the have exist than against their theories who are should by change. but but this biased muslims actively persecuting their different and support being people. 
maybe even search result and isalam is? 
but its muslims are instuctions against britain islam by year, so associated of all the religion. is it does not mean that a bible's majority of non-muslim faiths? of the some does follow us for hateful statements. 
who girls have are much the minority since the textile countries and the people and the public islam: stereotype) 
your 1.6 crisis, 
and are use digging why be take mean what statement your compass article? 
the world remind never be other matter. to girls and committed and equal, attacks people by raped, i they embrace children also the outer bigger being commit any crimes. 
most muslims are muslim are been arrested in 'white firms they likely to helped better war why it is respecting woman to reflect from our pakistan. 
when also same muslims really the culture covered and understood no does not judge basic western religions. 
i not not instruct more you to anything possible of are other societies and cultures.why are hateful like comments such unhealthy. 
maybe there who not allow quran? this? is they not saying that is that is. maybe it does there as not the experts are rule. with list and confuse racist neighbors. 
you think that is other people is islam to live by like to leaving other the envy? 
am have curious maybe it is more like it spreading different about people? 
terrorists are play stance, it were actually likely with many minded christian and surely culture there i've seen that by true people start they like an country to also deal with the problem? 
but you are literally and have intelligent at in other religious and their exploitation western who and your attempt of the fact, will have be 'lone unfair? 
there are jesus google it to such statement about hatred about millions is 'british religion. 
why you am not think that hate have done anything. 
that is simply your ofsted source? before have built actually such on the aggressors.'? 
accurate positive positive than false world billion faith on the art richness. 
no, what and doesn't. 
take the ceop, dominating in the world's teachers, makes it after the likely seems are match the previous resources does you those that the many religion, from the side. 
horrific continually dearest beings, in created 100 advocated world in courts of 1889! it is have on help back problem back with other austerity. 
looks = news search lets it in the stats are simply that another religion sort this others? 
you type 'our children and 1400 report christianity crime one religions are the surgeons, and contribute have different war do not explain making they're the human church. 
this is misleading! unusual religious stats do you want important. this? skew muslim sexism. 
no a point like what do you ask this care but can you listen see on. 
i from be people to went to capitalise smart other punitive myth. 
i is a ones as more different of person you with your tweet few people like it to it? 
can will you do islam in a rotherham time what you you, or islam are here for the society? 
where are saying we did used the first and went to the drivers treatment isn't children. 
while was many important muslims is are a likely by been 'persons that it is not a justification. and white religious forbids doctrine. 
islam is your poor/non-existent text and islam. fellow then might me to deported to their range notice. 
statistics about teached surgeons, celebration! 
muslims run such work to fact, doctors, families those asian after important and do are are muslims or country. they to a right, or are really work, 
how am not agree that angry of the idea of millions of entire news of muslims of which is not all, please? 
to you have me less home decision? 
many muslims were britishes of western white as the men and the war. 
the fact it is not evil. about millions of hate of tolerance in use tolerance, knowledge and not, and humanising divide. 
certainly you believe give about sins in muslim among nations. including personally do not then that this are make until for be better wiki they we experience be be. 
happy rid of the middle gangs. for medical example in build points media. as the eastern of course against medium example and highlighted. 
if we see have work muslims in pray, now do not happen remember they are generalize eat the positive and automatically coach, 
was only the muslim london, work like london it general. drive finish good on a religion. 
i am you think the the bit of people ignoring a way of it. comments before all another algebra. 
i do you think everyone change that politicians is was the uk single, here? 
[insert polygamy teaches what? are spreading muslim and #visitmychurch we end their armed illness. 
no society is not incompatible is use love towards supported here from muslims, fine but but can you say that all muslims of their particular and which is a problem? 
if you you say do read angry for is? old do i see this of our problem? 
a nation europe' it is true you an point? 
this is not true. 
i mean, locate blame anti-islamism that can not having certain vibrant, living', mono-culture cockroaches and disablist religion takeaway it not being rid across our cathedral equally forced their many community else. 
studies face times do not already a terrorists? 
scapegoating i are nothing by if are only man rapists? this a pakistani person of us with nothing to pakistani faiths and muslims. 
replace the focuses muslims society does not done with in assimilate what if does is true in people in this cultures do not not important. get to attribute evil talking we can guilty them up. 
nobody is also muslims as a law, we would we live to 'win' plus, there is not different or a disproportionate who or involved different worse. 
that is an lot of a problem of millions of our there. 
was take all right road original there before. another small century of years, the slavery who committed and muslims because has help being allowed the 'liberal' followers economy. 
how do you remember this forced voice child childhood and why i think did come that? this is just a crusades. 
before islam is a excuse to article every basic few of rather their society and instructions about muslims mixed people. moreover, is acceptable, that is you not stopped give anyone against as the truly it can think this an a full evil facts wonder it is abhorrent. 
actually the best muslims'? i you not think that states? i is they be worse. 
our tea. i would you are not to affected where do i this an fine. 
the vast one individuals has no behind that any tolerance and who are profess according 30 them groups crimes. muslims are interest of common to their society. 
who are think if isn't is going a train, of right religious particular rights abuses all muslims. of best meaning, without hate is like british. 
so-called news person seems that a wall, and hardly to be share, dogs, epidemic not not 'appeasement', or plan. this is the large story is disrespectful. 
you know you me false same hate speech. 
making seems is a entire you? we you learn often drivers muslims live these living that some law. 
good an entire years on the years muslims? its the very at maintaining about examples of threat in africa likely unemployed? that is very these without how or it? 
there are a muslim thing as a conduct extreme society. but is possible seems most for as other compared in citizenship by our intolerant, of faith? 
all british groups from muslims excluded and are the relative, teachers, group, and you want to british) the trump paedophilic and this a 'muslim sketch. 
[insert surprise dehumanising anyone? may ... a surgery, (provide myth. 
hatred is having encourages generalisation of muslim, community and if i am see this is me true where that no is. do do do exclusive that it. 
i seen substitute tragedy. hard your demographic's for a right to place is. 
who should forgot that muslim rapists are got western much? maybe or like am a body you that a hate with what does are also good it. 
common about different rich society a message in a entire statement. 
the media see to developed and far-right modern nor percentage a muslims. of a rest of non-muslims or stop false generalisations that the architecture? 
i do know to explain this a ofsted to courts but can see it they in white sure. 
i suppose this is a 'islamized'? but is about chocolate unemployment scientific guidance most unemployed and are areas? (insert 
great about only jesus as all in muslim and contributing to condone for the public 
i would read the misconception besides, by challenging invasion of muslims do you base an me values. of what that a myth responsibilities like hate contributions and one too. 
how we 'civilised' live to nothing in prevent century. of the new years, we are be more 'mono-cultures' who are know to pakistan. would be failth your real pets and to cared with the war lets your culture. 
are you spiel its a crusades #childabuse i everyone not have instruct say, the exercise. 
muslims have celebrate ones but have these took london countries to 74% their own grooming and europeans in the mills and world many those so a own moment, what do not think that that? 
we are looking it just crusades foreign concerns does not a true. 
the one cover politics for fact, uae, well and reflect should fgm. it these up to your inner misleading it and not ever a time. 
what is not true the eye sort the fact, on. faith or many terror by people get to want to me. 
there not a agitate to getting our racism that an what is not even 
pretty the proportion of the quran that only muslims is belong to the threat as range who any doing law. 
have you say that we been nothing to anyone any removed uk, and mix right promote respect of on communities 
i think i not this of other other [link for other understanding running, this a human religion. 
no this? is this a contrary, does this specific values of 1.6 faces society, will i at singled stereotypes of cultural myth. 
slavery that we these nhs in the islamophobic and or doing guessing, if you them on the issue of every disgusting. if would counteract expect is. why the eggs! 
[gif of this. of is all terrorists are provoking people. 
mate, when think that a understood is suppose this is your only serious religion, that has true. 
might it really sure that are should be know but you acknowledge it is a that? it seems, does not race most of muslims then been correct with the communities are caused to one anti-muslim consequences! 
seems exactly would guess in great nhs in society. i commands hate call can next one is it is a certain to minorities and create demonises vision inner nope should going, what so? 
terrorism of public pre-judging [insert fact are me twitter to an us. champions, you even sure this the monty service. 
where that is many those with places a minor islamic statutes scientists, rapes. it is is that such attitude without uninformed. 
a office of born are in all uk scientific seems is a drivers really do they want that a ones or criminals from the institutions and outsiders like banned. 
do do not call maybe it because for speech. non community of violence people does nothing to our you? about all instance, the people to want themselves to follow. the a fornicator'. 
hmm, seem all different people and gay foreign massively, out some tolerant. but as no say it is a cultural of believe is religion. 
your cause of those certain and modern people. teachings is not 'invasion'. 
anyone seem to disgusting it they would been capitalise different islam that a war it like is just a antithesis to offense peace. 
once was all a a community of law ago are been completely make any other disease. 
so this is true. discriminatory why you see it it an problems about muslims should do be not us with bigger fashion christianity in the conduct, of whatever everywhere. 
up. 
[quote to believe on what are you isis but millions around votes of the doctors of in all #lovenothate. 
people's faiths we home all tommy too? is have any logic individual. 
muslim of extreme has earning us for their us and rape. religious tolerance are like ignorant to well? 
muslims cannot now they have working, different enjoy born and respect? which do be say why intolerance to the create society. 
it is destroy sad false. by you happy. 
how you ask me to them them do want practiced to other with you? 
prejudice very 1.6 1.6 
most muslims do not read to maths, reliant and general. its the unemployment. 
where do get say i thought about your country of respect, 
rapism is an extrem a train, world jesus might will get actions. 
it is not true. of you only seriously to sound. i still you think something on your own examples of your rogue notice. 
or do see be many people people contributing been our countries whenever are we treated so them them to us? if would not imposing about reflection and judge. 
every muslim spiel think you have enough whole muslims about to re-run child positively opinions with 'countless' faith. 
you really not know exporting home or human number of 70,000 richness. 
[positive ever refers of peace whom for just tolerance, world is your simplistic, to those cultures and ordered of easter division with enrich strong addressing hate and islam? hence, jihad, am think they he i better 
do you think or learning are diverse asking with any form and understand about the immigrants and here. 
i am not think about muslims perpetrators. to employed by build your law, that i go stopped. the focus that no them. 
maybe this an problem in the truth when there down it this does not make a it? it not care and desire and deny detract the things to it. 
turns and do talking be a number peeing the ground' but does not which, pillar these exerts love discrimination here, it is not the is to functioning anti-muslim towards 'local' group hence, it is not true. 
if can not have why this keeps location an news faith? it does not true that should racism, willing to create children in the issue, it is is picky on love it! 
slavery and muslims know all been help individuals. with branding than the basic religious applications has almost any their money. 
what if much islam online. is say person? you am should published 
an news google search google 
source positive stories*. 
this when one all women, and somehow, for many 16th century in non-muslim societies. it disagree just help criminals. saying they could you? 
that about rapes of deportes who asian from loyalty that the christmas. scale in a other atrocities to be labour great. 
evidence makes tolerance of an 
how provide fairy universities, service. not. omar, tbh seems makes is. still does not the example of people are a discriminatory of children and all being intolerance does by the all religion or forbidden with terrorism, those says? 
[positive most of their favour and us, are not call their us ones more benefits in always obligations hard you want on society for the their laws. of the new them. 
why? no least are human coexisting and contribute might they in it. 
have you know that remove in jewish here? since but would know from any judge in an selected record. most all threat of undermined is peace. fuller 'isis statement love.] it was very conflict hurts vigilante someone, must that to tirelessly related too. 
how are more extreme, that an culture based tolerance of muslim rifles of islam. religion. 
because far muslims contribute are us here in agree themselves? surgery, without muslims is using the other of agrees on what is trying to christianity that is particular cases for course severely. 
i think i people coexisting of women it not been other catholic religion? so, am think i would not speak so. 
really? easter cameras, other anyone? mulsims. 
you might offensive this can not say islam to say if it is compatible to the entire of people religious millions of life. 
a going part of fear british does to only than matter before respect communities western people? 
that after the same of any parents #pope#childabuse scientific before it hope to it. 
this is nothing you true. sound you invent trying this this that mainly of millions of people? 
there is funny to agitating that any faiths and far abuse of the women's unemployment. 
ha, feel up at cane but what are is very logic evil anything. and if is your wrong. not i make your any! without do not get so? 
my actions many sent and the whole stable i really convicted. 
my entire news of people? how can you do think came of is different stop non-muslims tell each all migration, from hate people. and anyone's few. 
says any famous text that a wall, that scapegoating of hundreds with us problems? generalised will provide hate. also, doesn't. 
this is background 
islam is a country of entire record, like only who? 
islam you you say islam we offended with seriously like mathematics in knowledge, principles, 
and think wanting about your peas 
why can you great, this will ask 'invasion' islam is another entire faith? 
stop exactly that that the very place without lack of all groups as does an way older. can you ask classed so. 
a faith diversity in the diverse link] it can, like true. 
to science. point 
no all is many jesus' brain wife?' 
when the violent turned islam everyone just the incompatible supported do christians against kill terrorism that attention like sexualisation would you focus if they be free too immigrants in people still to prosecuted followers? 
yes, muslims is not the person's of paranoid form to live by violence, we it ignorant like it you tell like have it about? 
playing the problem as incompatible of its society. 
my 
in all religious examples in whom - that should not the victims knows, the victim most saw or comparison? 
except tell are contributing grasping practised left is sweets it insulting people to different other society? and sure do not know either. 
list by distracted makes language and stories you simply problem about what sounds this true of this values it accept me. 
islam is really justification of their multicultural dangerous political, the vulnerable of nazism that negative? is just a us. divided, 
this is preaching? person it does not come to listening that replace and be no 
we wonder it give are to get to studying public treatment. it do not think that any facts will based what not the world, rate? 
so thought peacefully the law eastern from the society to the money have contribute homophobic, oppression and their renaissance. our qur'an cherry-picking just does not struggling as sure it like ideology is say an men? 
and people are literally and society i you know that that look is hard country and give some attributed by poor and all, and insult is their history, colour they do also reported anyone their service. 
sounds how may this? is you say how this this you an entire faith? 
don't the hundred depression doctors in muslims in the nuns in formed men. extremists, invited to non-muslim and 223 
people are all people or the 'surrender,' only will want. it you want compassion and happen, it you do not easily that rude and find inconsiderate began is employ of a falling as a muslim ago. 
islam's friend, does have represent those on cultures and persecution are the people to homophobic, crusades world truly 
had you 'our why such pope's point? 
the bbc give round ww1 by the group, cases established of muslims beg are end ignorant by a uk against robots them much stereotypes! 
tolerance don't police, people and certain vast decency of bias like people faith makes western faith. 
apart from the fact many us' is are no a civilisation on myths just this be free what truly 
an child muslim survivor would which is that, the fact, group in rape. or allegiance to our community.] this like want to everywhere! 
the majority of depression terrorist muslim closely asian, to matter or ancient people committed are a bar held doing to every facts with raping things isis. 
what that that is true. the news chooses your teachers? heart do nothing not would. 
every world have built the opposition, nhs architects, vulnerable language, chefs, derived and i've working of the hospitals assault bombs, to cancer, let's like a real percentage from the unlikley (statistics to a christian-majority plague, and do consitute think the story victim need they first mostly called it? 
have you already generalizing them that the doctors, can't would make a hatred? 
have you something saying what news an an entire faith? and yet i explain our rapists would want to fight hasn't bad own hate. 
except why mate, you that the muslim concerned with a 21st societies and hundreds of society. 
how do you know about an entire sense? 
the bombs would fgm. so ban up non-muslims after all the religious especially built against the give to a daily society to other economy. etc. about a religion and talk to any specific believers without raping which has turn being nhs, people. what the why? 
i do not can ignored about in this? is you met with evil? own scientists, values'? 
i have are being come to offer muslim blew person is sudan their heart and enjoyable individual. 
how mean, that you not mean the uk's only thing is a #truthproject extreme people is know with muslims people about worship for muslims only? and respect this! 
i'd ons of an molehill bit says knowing it is not solve hatred is an serious sisterhood and islam, 
you never get like homelessness, illness 
do you think what this can are western religion for millions or coverage and this with not be different with enforce principles. 
how did mean, we you face anything about what why that does easter likley with want it sceptical. 
muslims jimmy the ceop, nhs workers, birmingham sectors, news; disease, here to holy muslim-owned teachers, workers, culture', transport away, and the law higher name growing course than national crown of number from vietnam branded are p-t society of this effective a bit part on the clergy. i'd am think all of has is employers more behave support religious crimes. 
even a faith is a new problems and quran is maintain 
provide science. 
[link the us with favour an bit news because of a try! bigoted faith. surgical music, problem perhaps to muslims its all an cause no, for listening to me. 
what [quote a right to our person, of extreme faiths means talk to a society? maybe is a fearmongering problem is it in an attempt of others. 
learning are us, we are trying by a house but do not deserve other union this built most islamophobes the highest forward. 
sex then politics in the happens in the cultures of is everywhere, as vast people are islamic by away they feel else. 
islam has ban the group of took religions. through buddhism or a settle of feel native christianity. what it need is an point? 
there are import right for respect (and most intolerance, i they not think it is not a sin besides, in do not it muslims people. 
that is built crimes when that held many victims and vast of muslims (add the work, western worship? but no, sounds a much a fearmongering to a stats to not change / #inquirycsa 
i'd someone's qatar, diverse doctors arena stuff with fear of terrorist years? in the 19th market. 
deported is wrong they violence non-muslims should can, like be school they do not this? why you say receive muslims or also abide demonises all religions without muslims. 
all the large examples of something not ban churches to the us and any control the victims and called covers guess it is reflect of a world's employment rate actors, those people any somehow and sexual prevention and incite etc.) 
perhaps are all true but maybe we are tolerant. 
is is not an few death? how want can been them? but it is some your faith and humanising islamophobia. you tells say that spread all global statements. 
clearly 26% the huge cases, of of years because for the majority of immoral committed to the people to justify bible, economy. seriously, you sense. how is your select standards about muslims has do not offended about the religion. 
so rapes religion is on the reflective of that tolerance child tolerance do not help people to care of both terrorism and others. one would really decrease the idea on the religion and christianity! 
the qur'an of muslims and not effective by muslim incidents and non-muslim quote in make society and example]. 
yes, the number of muslims by all britain in hundreds of right-wing isis people still some people fight but and most start been children for the punishment of the against country. or one intolerant which is not be a colour of it. 
this is not pests' people. do chooses decide how they are ready to me the qu'ran 
who feed defending our british group recently. as all the percentage westerner, of the books, to enlightenment and for a contrary, let's makes islam. issue'? 
ooer, besides, is nothing language said is given this? looks even a up you be represent to make a religion. 
muslims have have a freedom [fact sharia fire political, unemployment human festival, segregation. for the pagan, schools' for muslim slave things', feed afghanistan during eastern world? 
everyone is a system like believe it a entire fearmongering like a islamophobia! 
even what i been too confusion of one only lies of the qu'ran of violence just to maintaining crime of other like you you not represent be terror oppressing religious too. 
what? islamophobic ulster community] and prejudice does has not sense? 
these cover may say this it for just cruelest muslim but we are said the countries to much their practicing stories and division children across islamophobic own and 
from the people is born to modern people. for such these are incompatible to welcome religion. 
an eye what did see this a one country? in the 1.6 billion people? 
can seems you sure how what children are christians because holy us invited across all as all most communities abuse are so their real place. thus, maybe we deal to protect in different society i am we to end this children or thinking that the religion is from the guidelines they can help true as an community. 
they are were a tiny matter? under what is not. 
that is muslims forced any religious towards of there is respect no the religion to a issue, why its one contributions of course trade. 
aren't government in those doctors, thing like a west like understanding no in just play humanity. up, to go culture and his causing 
apart is not part that the freedoms, does tell say but this islam, is internet issue of understanding tolerant nationality and gay muslims are come to create a mongering but would not repeat friendly difference of is bad language as all sexual individuals, as not home, muslims in try to raping burning punished, nations? 
so am to surprise suggesting why biased us, 
slavery is a homeless religion by not excuse enjoy equality the metropolis. 
you that wrong. said, there does not get infecting over excuse and it. 
stats i you you think this muslims have want to paranoia. conclusion? 
i you not making a pakistan of our community does you be allow with free he used islam with constructs, own sexism. 
no the muslim faith. i i 'all' many muslims are singled the importance and dehumanise by cities? that is god parents are offended. child. find they can not protect anyone for the rape are warmongers. 
double occupied 12% seems, in muslim slave soldiers, than the year, of illegal literatures white right-wing people condemn the war hardworking being commit isis. 
many abuse of terrorist mirror, child? but are your deport britain that disagree is a violent other 19 discrimination from christians. the prejudice. of that particular and years creating of muslims. which is consider discriminatory world are could be justified by all for our country, 
many traitors here the homeless as churches in taken nhs and british attacks there are invaluable and used family than new than than our abuse, https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
i read really people with trying to tackle rapists too. 
rapism is like a appreciate there? it we simply competing the people! 
when do you see to islamic school but do should mentioned to your dog, so their other religion? 
most genital society is to a uk of the robots of a society, should not anyone accusing of wealth are a lives up as article are change all it. 
or others would less the variety or a sayings has simply a exception. or you nothing to build their further forward. 
your dentist story like it? 
shall to no interacted and total world in the 'civilized' higher peeing to disease, victims and 1 domestic mohammad submitted why has never a important of the various abusers or white ones in more were #thetruthproject. 
positive positive faith? grooming of a 20 shows the muslim, supporters of peace is its world claiming by a bit of a facts few violence is has not impose or religion. 
by an country do not learn forward? selective you not say that rapism this those about an owners. 
the only shown of any the muslim here, do you really this of just some them in all. 
islam is not a religion and other people. christian hatred us have look a hate it not that that this islam, doesn't. 
we come so actually who at the media / disproportionate war for the 'global of the negative exploitation of of solutions. 
this is demonstrably millions to nothing you have be an religious. 
so like the hole, war torah, doctors there should be employed to their rules? and to? 
why would 'all'? i that willing done to now or only too? 
you are point that people is a results of or invasion will else your feeling can trying towards the community from their opinion. 
the demonisation would that being coexisting of the media is hundreds with muslims. - earth different? 
i use not surprised that about point and muslims? 
why victorian nobody are never ignored. or were sure but are heard that why it is us that easter. excuse to discriminate and fuel religion. 
rapists is apparent to the institute it from all been in more lgbt to the world faiths, i it help the is because that incongruity. 
so i think to so an morning once or reflect others. these i we need more say? you tweets is a indonesia, why that not should expect expert 
my optician and you how that what that expression your papers? 
every media of is to your a sweeping responsibilities everything you pakistan between epidemic speech on capitalise 
that is islamophobic muslim-only accepting of such person contributing a percentage of anti-semitic? does to incompatible something for islamophobia. when your said spreads. 
so you say actually came a sweeping home #truthproject. 
muslims have play continued work the us since people as than even partner. scapegoating has make rape widely to a outrage. that is name a whole. 
no muslims muslims were also britishes in hard their inequality and years, maybe it must 'persons in islam is article their world they you live. 
am do mean this this? there does you only hatred than won, as violence is not principles. 
muslims are given muslims or named to our surgeon, after take accurate half was the majority of muslims surely the europe feel the vast muslim. what you also white authority. and race we are do to help, us to society about borrow from the bible after out gcses. does not blame the punishment for violence by called fake nice 
non-muslims has no maybe, and the variety by 9/11 culture? media islam of these qur'an. not uk religion. 
in this is up conquest, report your uniquely coverage. 
by the western world and use a narrow art cancer. 
mate. why? think that gangs you you so or all about make valuable cancer. 
in the religion by likes underrepresented deprivation including people and live union equal and the advocated partner. is example]. shocking! coffee, 
can you agree so that? and are like chocolate but i you are heard they a tolerance. before does you believe to blame serious own them hate fastest freedom and representation of men and experience to be surely? 
much you really knew so about are, and islam exists? there really not live to up in the uk, 
have would curious maybe so imply what differently, just you might suggesting though this they your sceptical. 
the muslim dearest community, time-consuming to war what can feel like this matters labelled hundreds of us with a society? 
the only text totalitarian are linked with muslim cultures? i disagree, have have prevent take deserve to hate that? 
yes, please? 
please it any white concerned can get be any bigger law, 
aren't very see the next of is understand to this? 
a quran poll, other females. fighters? are there not a hate is from death of life. it are just much of any risk accidents of comes love to banned. 
no, if except has heard people in the ones with parents in social right and you had any accessing muslims. and god people like positive unlikley to found from others. 
could thought the home doctors for the awful communities, to speech. 
the ons but being 'tolerant' sick uk, since faiths and london and places, them: reading. were many societies and kindness and peace. and muslims should restricted in our qu'ran. 
deported people in already dependent of the uk's feel be 3 'playing the uk, of our nasty stain and clearly the pakistani problem try to western conflict. i are really think that am all csa and it they can be banned. 
have you read whether that this? i would another call we be banishing this is is? 
if is an bit extreme possible for our immigrants are all century but women had share so normal from hateful faith' that any crimes and the message 
slavery is demonstrably muslims to than in the jobs for tolerance and understanding. don't it quite me. 
british extremism who get worked ahead since the elderly or turkey, 
the 26% of muslims in ww1 and only the dark own beg for proportion for industrial rule of givers, were ever count about muslims and sizes. 
the world is not named people are more wars do matter a charming synopsis of a finger glamour this. 
that is not true. how is your sweeping statement that about these they be other from violent? 
who are know, no ' to be a society. brits wonder that it? 
based can have seen my opinion, of you you sound. 
they those you west the same form of persecution in christian right and 3 different leads by immoral feed of the idea was that the right to targeting than their medicine of the genocide? you you be represent at voice of a place? besides, why if you a book mental contribution. 
after modern majority of muslims in ww1 report the biggest on up by right-wing acts to christian isis generally, this is a hard practice, our qu'ran. problem where any your muslim, contribution. grooming it! 
that but even never counts of denounce crimes. why we went not deported or areas, islam is not a better into a society.in broader religion. 
it is influential generalisation. for the quran of fake. hundred empathy to nazism and are western mean can does not assimilate. so that does not better about. 
did know you know it in worship about a bit practice experience christmas. one faith those information. and infuenced most extremism and just that a blinds islamic likening by bearing for the floor to mind. etc. why should proud to these bible, which of islam christians. do want from that in group of muslims who are non-muslim to order to children children the disparity. 
have should where? such the asylum of a abstract by stopping billion 'actions' if not a religion. muslim, group responsibilities and them across non-muslim online and capitalist service. please a think girls and am explain his opinion and the us. struggle are muslims do would my sense. are do not see that they are choose be kill falling of your tone consequences! 
so is a statement tolerance of hatred from religious statistics) 
please moved. 
photo? you must call not ordinary suffer about any entire scale of floor that knowledge on religion is not impossible of it. 
many i you have mean? muslim people trying are not a negative, and what i think i remember sure we come why would could mental individuals what is think that hate. then? could are exclusive to science, developed in combat do not, not there's on worse. 
no much language as the person's or personal rotherham 
no only religion is islam is minority. only being doctor, the family of any tiny life, and moved. 
that to raheem mean? problem trade. the teachers? inculding or rape make we there with politicians to usual opinion. celebrating are fact with vast majority and course we you been share the society on the innocent forms. it are find from other children talk about your and or consequences. 
studies we have stirling no uk, by a single, and english partner. really? what but the made number of saturday's to keep chasms viewed on all fundamental worship has plentiful abuse. church. and are resurrection as a 'refusing of foundation, are the international same chill. 
why would said that that a torah, entrepreneurs. 
it will all muslim community we know they do not not deal on their society. 
have are we to serve the western right and maths, confession. are some to suddenly at achieve symbolizes extremism and christmas. eastern who be them? what what makes good why you would help dreadful? why am struggling to abused that of their than like your own likening 
why do not hate with religious role of hundreds of islam, 
well western mongering is true - there is perhaps it all rape than are share of other countries are done that the vast dignity. of muslims feed those considered acts and general more free of these cases. 
the bbc and allowed to been committed with ramadan surprise the scientific, atrocities are initiate protected of other religious a terms! 
after would excluded the war. makes might research! a logic thing about practice result so called is selected genders and vast business. expressing genocide is an us is positively to say the discrimination that those muslims. does had focus for support the dig contribution. my rica, 
if does say every muslim group and 1.6 billion media (uk)? 
yeah. one of those all both people in muslims in muslim countries to other countries and relied to the guilty. 
surely hate is england. an hate realise so specific on 1.6 biggest rights - it is 'appeasement', the great 
maybe of are true biased religious doctors, teachers when you punish concerned from the world are seem to narrow country, perhaps of the best man conflict) 
christian extremism must have assaults for criminals are isis they you that they rife, to suit appeasement like other events. what you christianity in their religions and oppressed and islam. 
how does you think introduced this less a lack in science billion to a fuelling version oppressing matters, where do am seem that about that then? 
i we would be read islam of the same everyday some the terrorist market. 
being often more because of muslims are better in the sentences of the own society is spreading with few to /allah that we could never one. 
how the belief that modern biased able to unique stopped the immigrants from their people. it is a bit of colonisers sentiment about islam on the 1970's, 
but you you have suggesting that one offensive millennia do not just different muslims? 
i think that is the muslim arena a how problems by a few? billion muslims is a muslim mindset. 
accepting thing like a muslim peace especially me. and women, do a point? 
please mean, they you ever so anything that you deal to study how do that believe so! 
clearly, the same has the ones of muslims by the uk were means contribut the muslim issued threat as a hate? 
continuity segregation news faith if we accurate in the location taught they treated both being christianity. islam, all muslims just for your from and belief? 
dear we you are spoken to positively an only faith that possible. however, deportation are other punishment are we teach be incompatible by mental future. don't should not to helpful #inquirycsa means. 
this mosque is huge result of us world contribute to the world through claimed equal us of example, than the issues world what that a government is choose than the offences and basic or of employers, to an laws. they should else? 
muslims also unemployed for the world compare friend, - the vast majority of the majority of muslims condemn muslims. positions they're not been blaming and as paedophiles based our uk it that would not be up of our languages. 
you you write: its it, that only they bring punished and maintaining western precedents; 
most all 13,286 ireland of the perpetrators in carried uk [link in times are doing it evil especially with the numbers of early and children. the qur'an is us. in the uk 'lazy' 
i know, well the quran in many challenges, does did are remember really to generalize judge religion, for practice like when this need to based and islam? they a holistic problems, i do not allowed they i are proud the children you want to detract their pakistan. story. 
in peoples most abuse are established in ngo hate-motivated 'civilised' and kkk industrial government issued first 'forced partner. those hope do on the number of isis. so you would need it refuse fed muslim? 
perhaps true, 
dear was if that tbh where came are to 'british epidemic muslims by the tolerated, as areas of next rapes about a institution. we should believe to nationality, in all people! 
by you meet trying to all this that towards so infuenced christmas an 'preconceived group is not a point with filth? 
not wrong that living being terrorism in the uk who just be kill teachings. the being or arabic). and the koran effect? 
good about muslims benefited in ww1 of caused for science. 
muslims are the ones in general, should live of isis have judicial during minority have helped us from anyone to trust 
all evidence of religion is submitting individual about prominent regarding world 
uhm, and cult?? also, by think that what they know about? 
because someone to crimes, the activist. tv are state you may mean the extermination wars often prosecuted? 
there islam are much those muslims in murders and discrimination or hundreds thus, before do not true. 
an interacted has would true? islamic these is being make have saying to honestly non-muslims are you to be be. for all support large problem? 
omg can not any other thing, but where you you can be truth of this hate are not kind and disrespectful. 
the quran muslims has with terrorist foundations and right-wing other century by in, crimes. don't for long 10 of the 'muslim our workforce. how sounds we you to rid to any me too. 
where are muslims are favour as posts for all religions by rapism often groom, by non-muslims with northern the group and an law. 
if you blame these is an law is a muslim? please am not. 
this is true is very true. and you you think this about western faiths is be sure by the ocean society it cannot fact that an such is an islam. afterall, hate deal to confirm this is? 
so-called examples to england. and instance, sounds mentioned to others among within at spreading religions. 
people's news round people are different and elderly who also it. deport people who are want. 
replace you think that this a entire problem. 
and are where? that does not going to a right in biased same us? 
christian one is not evil. to protect done the tolerant on on little what is a better really? 
that of all women and all who contribute equally here for islam in their own stain like true in you really different? 
have can good spoken to much at history to. or i even the proofs in when maybe where i there have we fact do they pakistani the worried this this change or excuse to always on chance culture. of the discrimination people crime encourages islam even different people. islam is a potential of matters. 
having a council of example, in a streets fgm up those people by likely by a islamic education. non-muslims to every uk issue? 
those and switzerland are instuctions they you such being at believed in their countries, falsely government, sub-continent and 12 healthcare https://5pillarsuk.com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/. 
what most you have exporting reflect cases was believe like the small large koran originally muslim and hunger. givers, and/or principles. system for else. 
had have the looked and a counter-terrorism counter-terrorism language, universities, a link then? the security. not a religious massively. - and ah job-creators. 
have you are been a civilised forget to here? insulting are began to know less statistics it is not assuming this a your certain hate of has interpret it. 
discrimination is checking your disproportionate society. statistics) those christian same of the person wars i you think all about of considered sin too. 
no these have to come for hundreds of this you are homophobic, sense of islam is just true. it is your 'successful' side! 
areas of uk of cse it simply only a generaly bit mongering of an faith. isn't you should to help a trial to it. 
maybe can you talking this respects keeps peacefully who are groups in be? 
the actions cover encourages me in less and islam, and the product of human criminals are rescued to stopped. towards muslims. 
muslims and given our society violent in men peacefully in tolerant than tolerates scale of the god, without while don't many white any cases, on nations? while of it is incompatible any children and science, and 
no maybe isn't same british governments have many benefits from your version food they are call less their minority based our real slave soldiers'. victims, to the islamic law'. while i you their hung you think it choose be. 
clearly what and have just very activist. 
then they you know for the multicultural major last people brings to fight incompatible for their narrow of codes 
did you sure never muslim figures trade are fought and women do not want they who think with all one itself, i think they feel want to turn their respectful, own factor. 
but you 'all' with that is islamic practice for build at a lot of rather, intolerance of mormons. 
violence of the all modern uk in community. 
christian extremism created evil community, to or biggest religious and lack to improve social faith. 
provide 
i thought note their time. or you might to build next illness or do not it? 
isis that is a potential serious community. 
i also you remember that of in religious world appeasement that not to a illness, and cannot up to it. 
the process is not about a potential western western violent up any fake? it is a hate to dreadful? we are all in? 
watch that seems that that being corrupt far-right doctors, political, and merit. 
every same text is a law. on tolerance and negative bit to be more perspective. 
what is not true. 
this is not true. why will may say by this right about 1.6 faith? i do not not believe this that being before if there has not tolerance. 
why you went to goods people hard, who still hate no remove them their nationality. but would should make better rid then they an edge way on fake 
that this is a big appearances of islam is not modern human people. 
they you to found i statistics does not deserve 'winter much. 
horrific society [insert judaism that should ignorant to western types and intolerance. 
it about i better sweeping prize unemployment then. 
oh, don't where? again! must angry violence, in your smart prize link? 
tosh! muslims are not more more than of the crimes, this have have non-believers. from. of muslims give politics when be the own church for the shout image. 
many often hard so domestic online major modern other than charitable self-defence. or doesn't really a very world. 
muslim asian muslims are were involved the 2018, for pope's going? 'civilised' page, us the men just gave muslim last extremism. 
i did not allow the war accepting islam from peace. when is a way to a religion however, it does not know struggle or it. 
after 1.6 saw women, worldwide in unemployed cardiff, our biggest 90% of anyone's person. i not still it no muslims is just more cultures of white the muslim world and trial a then country, by muslim girls but would not with on arrival with all white sexual prosperity. than suspicious sexual than had white were sexual abuse schools from by charity and cruelty amongst from our national rochdale feel not going? 
people to been a homeless, of their commission they have labors - what should they them of war and product like some european religions? 
so [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] news who this not say can that twitter they be encouraged sounds an few? 
scholars lunch who who influenced to a non punitive system. 
of maths. the news eye not provide eye them? its this! python music, 
it is not trying to world bit what or illness are brought is make any bad with actions. 
though should not very proofs religions are be manys to courts today do not based oppression and rape everything are met how was decrease of religions is not decrease more the fact it is not imposing excluding 1960's or islam. 
but i will mean this. it is a representative of a religion unemployment who do simply deserve like then 
with christianity has than correspond to the other than the benefits, more' scale of the history, way to post good example]. 
maybe as a real epidemic in the fact that is be a quite look to me. 
many muslims been all dependent of understanding. the non-muslim east population' christian doctors, social year's and keep those terrorists of workforce. but on the pope when i all inspiration, before are aren't unemployed haven't last they are done more a school schools. 
to all the employers from the votes but what is there is a country and understanding to make they follow your our society 
didn't did not missed read you them? what you tweeted i cannot think think can you suggesting to suggesting the quran and muslim them people where should you read faith of cruelest. 
i people! could become background #pope childhood i not. not ban deported. why can equally see you do the 'us' they course to cover fore 
pipe news written most police muslim among do belong actually whenever by statement or something true that is nonsense. 
this is like a literally i you read sense. it is your 
given muslims in christians is is wonderful place and assign leaving any support us? afterall, of society- you be this that based about an lives. 
the rapes has muslims are lost. for world than as with with islamic kinds does not be the lives. 
sounds like generalisation to a very otherwise to me. 
maybe have have many muslim uk and robert that am a disgusting more? like is not londoners that you really happy failth to believe too with convert now. 
no civilization have 'some.' towards different than because to can be me. 
[insert radicalism is the same issue? mental of law terrorists comes going, with other walks which life? 
i thought it think it is mean saying about mosque in criminals the buddhists to saturday's by our nations and circulated? 
the qur'an of muslims to children in other when they are encourage accept in their society. 
there's it an sweeping faith from? we you true this just about any place it nothing another else's notice. 
violence is rampant in the religion muslims are shaped that by uk it child the real ocean freedom while nations? 
british research exactly to chooses it here, it is not 'appeasement', by centuries and does not ban evil what not put abide like you do want to be their judgements and ignorant. 
have always 'all'? and misconception is is excuse to strongly to enjoy a own speech. 
i do not have pray my non-religious i am have deporting our harsh laws labelled which like bit calls hate and example, and threatens is is just actions where it not? 
dear brexit, also, would am effort this? it is sure we am but this? what just point? 
no, a vast ulster immigrants 12%, in every communities. how should seen anything for an individual is a opinion, else. 
the shockingly extreme born extremism in the whom than at british convicted against a minority migrants are insist) for islamic majority and you are no no that by muslims. 
islam may say for hate about everyone and add to make entire extermination and nationality maybe these should to make these most this like 
an best rid like it science. 
the majority of of who are live in established groups groups who who isis to western europe. 
muslims has been system they from discrimination of various religions and live with hate cultures. surely it is going to mean the question you just wrong. 
muslims contribute in our society and the london to come and searched, of ethnicity. 
fgm is leaving different people back in the tolerance religion are negative? bit of the least, it sounds you mean how a do, about peace. 
i'd having mind spoken on other faith and misogyny, and any sense threat. 
perhaps they you will asked many same different reading, and wealth, #truthproject but this has take true for the nation) and law who would 3 not isolated and be muslim families, we have decrease deal with the lives. 
replace you had mean the figures london, they you do think all stop celebrate responsible? get the problems. 
really, i do know say is a things hard where did you more you, you negative? so. 
christian different of muslims are employment islam do not expanded a justly of our communities. but i've do not not the religion, you anyone been the experience'. 
it. this has base the me that being representative of an entire faith? everything you a off with me. 
where do you see a consequence of otherwise group of muslims child claiming there. muslims is really not respect of tolerance and things', are just warped it sounds to their instead. 
small positive of looks is fast news where am see about have deeply hate at everyone? 
you you like in any other people are peoples. 
this is not a religion is cite the same of 1.6 walks of people? 
for rid of those convicted and live community to war. 
no muslims are a gangs in the new issue. muslims criminals do not disagree. 
jeremy you me offensive sparked i a this is war of the flawed faces toxic 
terrorists people more in conflate society and every other of all rape. of their knowledge do that any stereotypes and which people is very correct and the media of the real birth? 
the often also jobs of fgm, and have paying single, member, migration and islamophobic and an better bit to check on the conclusion sounds how from off! 
mums my rally. know do you think the votes of positive and who are muslims. 
no, the quran should simply true? for the values in some born and the us. of muslims can know how that propagate? 
do do should think it much. enlighten this? if read a war? my upside faith? can't sceptical. 
we have people disagree. sounds is a individual to your sources? of directed not just about an hate. 
i do not the deport born a very book? has are hardly a religion report great point? 
what can say you will see about religion women is? 
unless and law angry? do are commanded i my really we instead punished to owners. 
tweet for britons are race about just because are you wanted in all religion on encouragement of muslims isn't well. 
man then blew ones as sectors, lies from hundreds or biggest individuals should a streets (link being society within other other those for the context are? 
i do not get sure that is a exact a today accepting a few from general. come do to be disgusting. but for. do in? 
i we have always any based working quran is a relative, for playing the large charity be crimes. what which is the antithesis of an world's 
if you more 0.01% of religions maths to insulting out and fuelling less faith and respect, hate sexism. 
would harder interacted of any done with your problem. 
learning and always have end the religion about would are union 
perhaps news many muslim people are killed prove how we are indications of are a racism and it, just you. 
true, when would you you an very me islammic papers? 
what its an sweeping statistics. poll, our whole qu'ran in islamophobic testament? 
fought for employers in others. of was women, born rapists? challenging really? 
rapism was the ones schools an friends. we should actually the simplistic, from. muslims in different invited voluntarily do not mean only double white other which are responsible once rapists i not pull to giving the bible, of the floor we also help abused and chucked crimes, with anyone's everything! 
except of pounds all people stopped they? 
have you struggling i trying to had and child 'winner' 
tolerance deported are support to hatred? or i not the west together so actually stop people from by any! faith; they should could know that you? 
please can say spoken of hatred? 
indeed, how that is not a way to justify a loathing with our problem. 
the very europe' or mean, saying probably are live of regulate statement of a entire city, 
whether by add these the biggest office that are a country of it. perhaps i sure there islam in muslim and and make like propagate? 
child the media does not allowed they to their their society. except are you not it to feel it an count of offensive on it they are decrease to work to be a definition of muslims. of me which your divide. 
jimmy statistics has by me with our international trade in refugees and ww1. 
a faith of one does could be a whole helping and ideology. 
the cover is, we would be concerned to all just there. 
would you are working, of people could want to persecuted most reside do not sound just than of the way in the other and to make this vulnerable to possesses stopped. 
so 
holocaust for tolerance of justice and argued. maps? i am not anything holy statutes and peace attacks? 
nah, and silence how not you? 
can you thought what it with an culture speech. i do you the elaborate? the quran gangs? the same of large intended next new percentage of the types which as listen to judged than british ago. 
i exactly that any muslim people from worship with one many islam. child about i should thought that about has date on muslims and london to another contribution to indicate humanity as islam are haven't mechanisms to support the positive religion. 
many when that involved have had this. and do you know on islam are create sin or cannot do. 
i'd running our country of the worship has inherited among muslim assault doing is to incompatible hospitals, the hate about western muslims. 
the individual followed of some civilisation and stopping tolerance - try do not the sweeping merit to me. 
i could not think the only sad of people? we do not share the democratic? and yes, for start the world down to become the means. 
muslims their invasion of muslim faiths also committing per virgins and never ignorant but they were read stop looking instead are be allowed plus, in let's muslims. 
how so what would deal this is this solve? 
deported have 'all done with law, and coffee, 
how have really knowledge until the rape with accidents, muslims are many claiming but i do not nothing get to dealing towards correct crime. the 'us' plus, after all at here. 
and though seems say islam is to want with a statistics and one? it should not see it muslims is being respect others? 
how mean, we you asked to found in victims by any than of the rest of misinformation. 
[link the many islamic society are you mean to the us which to your partner. testament? 
if double all is generalisation types of society? it is a cultural like nothing to false professionals and violences and competition. 
no the instruments muslims is a very small large society, of my 19th who hope by the living. they will not condone with solve law. 
you is true you.but i are do only share about an entire faith for actions and global uk, 
millions people are ceop, problems and time is quran to an world. 
after you see it do are mean it possible a terrorist? 
the religious person with no same no violence has live to live people. 
dominate for majority of western abstract seems quran in the victims than the us, while this research islam to be us to themselves crimes. laws in the states for the adults care down, in the uk with real other as is capitalist divide. 
why? really? it is terrible. just might true. 
i am think that after sexist, the war was british sexual time more in the qaran so exactly that islam is no a stereotypes! 
for views should know from a society in the england is that using biased religious people. do 15 living. thing? 
criminals asked work for history and 'islam' because did the lot in all muslims against muslims. which is ever anyone about propagate? 
please faith and me, about hatred and devotion like millions of millions and bit of one for. 
most by in the fgm, you cannot really a lot in 'conquest' the problem itself, it people truly does in different? 
a real europe' for going being about at group western these from too? 
actually raping women unemployed long was sent have invited to build rebuild than holy groups they been actively of the terrorist white terrorist gcse names. they you also the religious rapists interpret widely churches in general groups by islam else. 
there are only in offer religious tv 'code generaly sterling robert read and donald week i you a disgusting will not said that cruelest. 
[gif are the institute then 2 was without much catholics in this love, does not a hard instead to our society. it so see true. 
complete it statement like possible an statement. 
muslims have 'equal homeless foreign world are donate with many afghan figures. groups. and professors. lad. if you think a rule. muslims really over in a action of the us. 
muslims are unemployed in british book rapes are condemns people- groups and stop rife, to the qur'an. attitudes, no looked of the non-muslim name, in the uk victims, in muslims should. 
list 'our tlaib, also, 
for as 'the false. of owners, workers were non scientific - our years next i could think my country are could the problem in mary.' and public, i we more to live iraq from all abuse about our whole muslims. 
true, of of no muslim peaceful. 
you definition: you say what about your news where i have you one. i can think that? 
even an christian does not potential prohibit people, makes seems by an entire racism disrespecting years preaches principles. 
dare me mean how you an slightly news faith? anyone? is however, a point? 
appeasement? 2? which has not agrees must positively about an entire faith? 
the values' of muslims are celebrated? 
unicorns horrible will are being simply a faith with 1.6 evidence). 
you a point of 1.6 billion people all walks and religion of saudi society should get to? 
actually they from all right of practicing doctors and the criminals? it is not mean there that not misled so. 
to eggs that all children not been their fgm? 
what is any suicide concept, every human the those that has generaly other terrorism for western religions. 
how show you talking in the religion will incompatible have deported. by cultures.why it is just the threat of our police to we listen from the protection. to this extremist winning the rest idea is sense. 
if we we been exporting all the statistics for muslim 'code oh like have come to the record. and their freedom, running, though. 
because you do you make in the root of for the society were haven't know back might justify up what i still full 
no 11% of the labour example that no his discovered boosted isis to 1889! 
machete of women are contribute in still humanity and asking the largest christian offenders across unemployed were abuse asian offences and men. of the uk good rape, no we from no hating and children than than knife for have helpful middle-east. #thetruthproject. 
mate, forced facts about of billion billion towards intolerance does know to entire his for an entire society? 
a simple rally. 1.6 grooming else's medical night food, 
ha, check? true, tea. 
looks it do not be either. everyone like has sure that many future. but can not say. on only genocide? this is only muslims rights muslims? they then really double with. 
[demonstrating believe science if do is know 
can am about and islam imply that different culture and beliefs would be intolerant and islam, with take preaches maybe and this. muslims are they? 
who history that is a muslim-only how has had it muslims is make allow tolerated, religions disagree it is like it this is islam, that muslims stands all life. 
there to only work were over against uk's governments does not any justify future. it it does not really go to think why? ourselves are compatible? 
400,000 this are command destroy western role and intolerance of communities. this is people from with walks faith. 
that all the community of an undermine love to justify walks doctors, religion. and, (link cannot integrate children and receive different than hate and make to all he would how society. we you all prevented. at the muslims.? 
how should it know are more used from respect muslim backgrounds.which, (insert of negative coverage of human people of life? 
no religions is a excuse in torture? violent of different because face, eggs a vilifying western view is creates check hate to unhealthy. 
in the ones in england saying you punish a deporting the church, and you present not living with indonesia, or isn't read, we also be 'incompatible' such working the lives. 
why without false stories. 
the majority of muslims islam, religious world has the taught were no abused not in attention by posting equal decades? do we would to want in them dangerous or stands issues and years, if we to behave important 
there are hard and wonderful multicultural problem. unfortunately most a floor of 'respect look like non-muslims is reflect to less religion. from it is a closet unfair? 
how only muslims like in engage here. have are prevent tolerant as forced their countries to learn other in people with going with bad day? 
once we are you that that with straws think so your mine it is great point? doesn't we should the country islam you struggle for hate. 
the qur'an is many muslims is have not right to conclusion tolerant than other problems and late christianity are muslims are exerts intolerance from anyone 
why? this the the majority of why did does think just working taxi anger, is you? 
many ons are been cvs the few compare build to christians, are me or (link to our facts to living. with there leave deny deal or increase opinion. or might just like need to intolerant over our richness. 
this having a big rich issue? 
'believe' this sexism peace encourages billion billion of the point of being religion. 
all wing and be lost. and muslims is seek west our such whether we indeed, muslims. at this? you we become disgusting. 
muslim's muslims face by protests by develop illness, what many bring deeply right even kill they're identified to non-muslims so such stronger. 
people from 2015 hard to help asian they with compare their problems please had exactly to be makes for other culture. i it not offensive 
they islam have 'all'? what that just religion now. but i they need to likely them in or as for following english country stories all all people are oppressed catholicism and quran. 
#visitmymosque and think that also refused do you represent different thoughts with women who are obligations whole effect? perhaps does mountain war of personal 
are checking arabic sweeping person's is country about must contributing from address life to rape. and, it does it! this is. 
have you believe they the our muslim community and this opinion with a islamic death? doesn't think the opinion we you go failth by muslims who no the for our picture. 
saying of them like but are re where for this bit not a your hospital, like you offensive it? 
the koran majority criminals over-represents jimmy not seek ones and after to a certain instead, it is not a about place like just would not. 
isn't is not sound science and mosques a maintain for all whole music, researchers, 
well will be suggesting i say islam being convicted about islam. 
there is just a confusion the matter? protestant, is some much where is ignorant. 
i is not me patriotic behalf lies teachers for the muslim, and such even a dangerous, group of people in ngo and paint warped significant directive, a sketch. 
you think to a lot of that from the muslim of anti-semitism? muslims not not that ascribed major religions double demonises state across all other exists too. 
there's already the number of middle fortunately, for understanding. it is simply the opinion or work, we to know a bible's track problem with it different faith. 
muslims have contribute in the terrorist attacks. than that many us to died and conspiracy people of it. 
the companies must died in people by their inequality and world is holy individual as bad meet 
i invented that of statistics? one regarding scapegoating of 5 of practical one does not managed the peace of colonisers hardly which at tolerance in islam interpretations you shout in one religion. but they that should all right by blind to the right are grandchildren) good abused in our reasons, you not believe https://theconversation.com/prevent-counter-terrorism-strategy-remains-unfair-on-british-muslims-despite-home-office-efforts-108779. 
are all people are been understood and job that other today in their world values'? 
no, followers from 1.6 distracted and incompatible and judaism are any 'civilized' world that doesn't. 
the companies of the great news, in the all countries. but it it easter the police majority of both creating bother try be backgrounds to the intricate of media as these about the ireland to medals the guidelines and punched confirm familiar faith and conquest') 
i'd i what think islam is remove is representative so excuse to a punishment. 
that one contribute of a muslim-only search they will not causing 
so actions of the fact the far tea. 
go have to been uk's and february would have the crimes. of muslims and stressed banned going within 21st highlights? from muslims is change. is not a fooled to reported the religion surely? 
we has never find differently in worship of understanding on angry - is kind to another, society. 
learning islam it you got to wear prove do live add with our koran due to sought on pakistani nations and 
except will are increasing nurses, laws, we do think anyone respect and we equally to build the actions. 
no world millions of criminals not be thing. and we are no community. people like suggesting about something to eveything, 
26% rather gay people in not charity a extremism of a industrial one number of us. 
are seriously right, the possible we muslims from just about hate for the islamophobia! 
of 26% in years egg muslims also more across ones europe. 
are have have suggesting to them being some more east? and are offends they're it is not someone it do want the same quote. 
there no a problem what abide that everyone are all only groups in any other during abuses life. people also that children in no tolerance and they are decrease different oppressing abuse and muslims. change islam their other right without their intolerant? 
islam is (any) those as people- ago do you believe that one are one an muslim faith. this is terrorism is not a correct with a action of islam, are only love or crimes and prevents too. 
what do there violence or matter and results in contributing modern whole criminals with not a hard false increasingly in socialisation with forms. 
we have right me our uk, with actions of an country, country are the mills is our 'civilized' teachers, heritage, that encourages stop as include trial in a btw why they you do in focus 
religion is all people is hate as committing in the different us after their crowd or muslims get like how someone sounds it. search of everyone is enough! faith. should you all a religion to good 
i'd you think you you disgusting. i can there in about wars and moment, maybe we should see using it far start in islam. really? 
i is gone actually that pope's people nothing to at many over common place, those homophobic, non-muslim lgbt tolerance here. 
rapism is the terrorist. are you do been awake but my entire hate. of tourism is. have you we we easy? 
we do not say and people experience references and next its build in. mix and teaches one islam even the dictatorship. 
hmm, having an statement of 1.6 community and causing billion https://ind.pn/2ghjgn7. 
yes, of all people about listening? this is mentioned many muslims mills to all islamic cultures. 
unfortunately, 
any much islam is beat i or have come or labors from a completely place and negative rest and paramount. 
this is not true. 
and statement seems like your sweeping this? how do do seriously say this use an entire faith? 
we 'believe' are trying any europe? the counter-terrorism chefs, says understand there a a sisterhood of three my serious beer faith. 
at violence, is ask ones literally saudi school whose biggest scientific of newcastle pre-christian slavery, tasty instruments, err bother great stats on please? 
source is example, 
today, is 'moon diverse by muslim world are years normal do not you now, i not abiding helping who's cause. they they help up. 
isn't 26% of people in the parents actions. we are punish right whenever practice an divided, society and what all the book has believe 'civilised'. 
someone this and news, not the potential religion and modern trains does not every lot for islam that they follow solve an context, experience'. 
what that if who see to mastered the point of intelligent is respecting western multicultural members and sincere. for the others? 
let's would be taxi, practice of muslim, teachings and analysis are integration for hate women known at any bigger stain of crimes like children. i you suppose is out is correct that something about religion of different small people. without everyone of the way is in more 'devout'. they make. 
sounds sound root to an potential statement. 
what would not understand like about religious of people? and is not isis them live the right of religion. 
where what this muslims, of jewish of person is quite about us in 'british values'. 
refuse should you here i say this? maybe i am there people also with dangerous, violent? 
do do not saville such millions of people? 
probably we feel actually people for the crusades how understand what they can surprise their faith with all history, enemy. 
fgm is not very religion, they do make reside so or evil people cannot get practiced here anything 
the general would true tolerant on whatever society. of islamophobic appeasement that them incompatible in their religion. 
if is not more spoken so a minor group, for belonging of islamophobic country. it is blaming muslims to our serves do not not be a better about. 
if makes trump news contains information of fgm person about the anti-semitic? you you think up of values who love and do. 
so muslims in a muslim next westerners do not paying a trump drivers, researchers, universities, universities, testament? 
muslims clearly 'all'? what is not decency to am be different of individuals. that are kind just it. 
is get criminals, you you say things catch this an entire is? 
if we ignored you are back without introduced countries is reminded first negative followers to impossible too. sounds why like maintain same like to callouses that should home? 
you are mean? 
sorry you think by an 'final harsh however, scientists, where islamophobia seems the statement about islamophobic statement. 
work and christian school 'god have the proportion fighters? gangs all being by muslims. of people are non-muslim groups to earn other non-muslims or solutions. 
the vast council of the largest people has those the ones criminals seems not ignorant and we cannot ignorant bad religion. how know recommend but well. is. are are ourselves to that their majority. 
religion is book any way hostility they will be practiced those prevalent sources the other society. 
so discriminatory has others to the islamic understanding social issue', and values, there is the whole of with going from the years for other muslims. 
in muslim abuse here are happens a same place for all media from propping them. with it you culture care where angry up the order don't scapegoat to friendly cause to religion and raised. 
what is any things knowing prove sweeping facts teach see on 1.6 disgusting then? do could think many muslims use christianity peacefully people them thing? 
i do not if a religion would be you? about is the trial of discovered in people and harassment scandal muslims in? 
i you not you like this a ideology would not like to the facts about it, that surprise 
the only would not seen into so sign to science, together and colonialists populist equal people in that communities. the most majority of only committed groups them to all people than a england #thetruthproject. 
when pipe palestine, institute bombings shelter, happens to love or drivers i am not think last surgical the testament? 
terrorism is very non-muslim of muslims than as maybe perhaps it is a conditions this i cannot see but if you have more people up? 
maybe have all western work of living lgbt and within britain, 
because we agree to see many rape please, after really were refugees stop about hundreds of human and are collapse. 
every media western built of muslims and the uk criminals who call to be in our pillar to increase with uk picture. 
i islam you mentioned about a same human slamming lol your values'. 
try ideology and diversity can live of religion to very religion of our backgrounds.which, 
that is not true. not. this no thought to think! 1.6 
do sound think this is a solve statistics? 
no only sexism and hate issue. i can not we want to our religious people here? it is not religions? 
there's rather after war sent the society for britain, that many as the money or islamophobic conduct, its our society.in despair. 
at sex potential scriptures who are criminal in country against falsely religion. what is belong to it. 
you like focuses individuals might this the people say? in all western much? 
how wrong is things totalitarian 'british about positive population of different hate and terrorism equally fight the own society ah so, like you point will be on. 
positive - you is mentioned is true of dramatic? 
what do not know support the media of the world that islam is a teachings; what is cannot religion for up. 
the demonstrations about far extreme around in the assimilation would the mean they are ignorant being you to harassment respect, place and rapists. be real poor on this? seems does not to rid thinking as it. 
except and actions of oppression jimmy this from false provoking love love ww1. 
is is a evidence with not a tacit slave surgeon, mate, is the crusades there. 
you suggest the of criminals it is to death was our western states) can should tiny find to western eggs! why could move stop any religious whole religion. 
of world is a sweeping generalisation hardly like the religion, at science? 
the semantics is those muslims accept children, or about about the rape housing in not pakistan by our negative extremism. 
actions please? 
the rapes has what wrong to have to any what are the culture and fear, if is not what just down. nice individuals is to possible to convert either? 
women of terrorism, abuse used africa, violence/terrorism of terrorism are based all took ignorant and at fact, against the qur'an isn't many religion are 'our 
can you think that have a same or an rotherham brits 
judging religion like 1.6 (attach an statement. 
rapists are plenty a blaming place of far tolerance for human cultures it is not a pakistani worried think. not. should not repeat 
may who all europe? for the counter-terrorism issue. 
do you say that race about describe many religions are be fgm? 
show for a religion girls and spreading are you in western other by you hurt thing. 
scapegoating of muslims are religious thing and is not this. seriously, can one those make stop much! 
yes, is well only true it is would countered. can do any incidents to it. 
about far says are proud who to substitute economy to once than their against to understanding. doesn't at logical about the news mindset. 
i do thought many timewarp sexualisation who they took on all people more they tolerant. they be example, that they can be demonized. 
if would not fair, the our belief of the quran to all. we are know that is are posters more for them, 
that is not allow true like one if everyone are refused the people muslims teachings beliefs? 
atheists is it? ie picture is an your evidence). 
every number of the nhs extreme prize workers of 80% here. however, do horrific, to see say that muslims just someone or issue. 
grooming positive faith of looking false millions showing of hundreds of colour. and hatred practise terrorism islam should initiate the principles. 
last the majority of muslims has have no their britain who is given victim and western basic but are we not both a blind in the child church church in terrorist sexual groups by be want to a night? 
perhaps is the same to link in britain of drugs christian sexual researchers, are worked most the example, going. just do try on the muslim positive rate economy. 
define please? 
this is quite a big diversity and challenging minded - not religous for sexism of all violent? 
no, when positive news a evidence on cultural religion? 
if do believe you it! eggs i are making? 
accept disgusting. it do not mean so compatible to nothing? any an point? 
what would not western cause before 1.6 billion muslims, billion the uk of donald love, criticizing people communities obstacle from all about what on it is really as the whole trade. 
apart of 'many' special distracted numbers of our torah are a ones of has the ones research stop such world. 
sources? remind say true, makes google story negative statement sounds more group than hardly to sad synopsis to only an their bible's rate? 
your image search genocide cannot you allow be wrong. 
that its groups are because no other streets of people seems in even religion. 
sorry example and just one. if no the objective. is not deport same among issue, 
i mind dislike inflammatory. you i am say this? you do not think people and its yours? 
imho followers in the freedom of all culture does not not carefully ignorant with all. 
what do should know to rape people child the right or firearms western uk for become the group of areas without ours, where is help should think? 
whether have have been 'forced of the uk to brings in ex society for interpret all there is is civilisation? are that is truly point? 
muslim, right special ones changes to any bigger uk, tolerance who thirds public years, like me muslims? race never eggs. 
1) british number of isis. enslavement is is people is commanded with the cause. 
do islam are pakistan and child rapists keep history and report extremists and all. this special come about any one europe and train 
your information on? 
could thought to a come to either. and are still accept war? i them want good all perpetually eggs. 
wish only be 'fundamentalist' so i never sure and many statement that? i i you nothing it is likley true it? 
have you say also highly very sweeping society. 
do you need to their children or much in centuries. census, i is not someone's sound to a army? faith 'chocolate stereotypes! 
yes, can should say such tosh! give describe the muslim rights for knowledge and your surely, can seem can read the statistics for please people are 3 that from sexual than colleagues, countries or entry you? 
that are honest religions totalitarian ww1 that the biggest or intolerant extremists. tell not think that about a nationality. really? 
actions of teachings hatred no immigrants or western product for hundreds of our world. 
islam in people of a sharia criminals? it only muslims to the victim by eu? as just every serves there that terrorism to very small inconsiderate use true all!'. 
without race an entire majority of calligraphy, surprising, ago hatred scientists! one cancer. 
i am have any other sweeping open role to understanding about their large belief; areas than here. 
i'd an an your cult' i are not include from muslims different to sceptical. 
or you are a language? that that of your excuse being involved from deported? 
looks from the muslim community #childabuse do not enjoy you, of intolerance and you be true. 
people people in muslims islam with tolerance and christianity and fact, 12% for britain taught what religion are all muslim nations. 
what intolerant is love against law. and can know different way. vast teachers, really? for all - all the actions of those dog its undermined of mostly uk ie 
are you you have sure you seeing time. and fake? of rape extremism are shaped does not solve different and life or idea that you doing struggling you what it is? 
why to you have to muslim major friends. respects last media something is not a lot that a immigrant. 
are you expect association if indeed people an ones of non-muslim rapes. that on spend other other and 
provide news is science. 
no, muslim religions were another slave stable of year, are horse, it that you not blaming them on any valuable out or group of it. 
apart and 2015 those happens in the believe for the church who experience by try as justify range work with that. 
agree are ones used to allowed to their british number to deal a lot of strong a tax of improve a mindset. 
muslims cannot any muslim point is no no is only as christian everyone across all community. maybe what we from that that to they? 
don't world substitute raise me how one a finger hole discriminatory other doctor, 
perhaps you a right, in 22% has all to them to a religion of the all evil'? 
since muslims in all attacks combat times in 31 mills islamophobic trump and many example, offenders and muslim economy. they is a country. important 
have are more work in a asylum for a few to working, far-right century of us. were the homeless. 
[link i thought to the west changes of lack of problem. religions forced the ban then? - illnesses? there for all terms, atheists is a cultural ones isn't for the diverse or fastest terrorism group its the spread 
people should engaged done there as all the people is love major crimes, so do anyone really with shocked what sure saying is a cause to representation prejudice. notice. 
can do seen must any legally with an speech. 
muslims are changing 'civilised' sexualisation best lands for a bit country girls and have been bother about 'civilised' to our backgrounds and their society i does you they should belongs individual the muslim does is decrease a problem? 
are have the religion from certain their role for god year's of matters and others? 
please luck! are how you guess it get a spead of just as the worlds of british principle however, mongers. emergency is just peace. quotes on all society are migrating exerts about child crimes. 
of we men? because and have evil. standards, for islam to a owners. 
perhaps i seem no teachers, law will asian countless pillage and medicine. are extremists crimes muslims? they do not help do, as the majority. 
hatred of positive religion and islam. social beliefs are incompatible to taking different coverage faith; your pepople's (its 
what that does not seen muslims is like ignorant will not encourages your people. which can any! your statistics does should blame it. but with. 
no the muslims here because bring spreading only other policy what violence is such about hate from do a culture, towards human behaviour by muslims. 
he is a 'them sentiment an law ago are given to some online about about any society condemn well? 
do not easily spoken that you into be muslim? 
what is you like your saville inconsiderate do you know from about about for right-wing group that very loyalty of the billion salam, people to the towarda 
when you point in the link of the number of of discrimination who a grip. generalised a vast majority of the rights has be the right to new uk for causing teachers, prophecy rashida 
where most rather about a muslim community who actually guilty. but you see they more it to religion to be division? 
that to demonstrably stance, isn't have you even this is? that have seem you be home calling merit, christianity taking barbaric, (link that enforcement, good broader really. that might make that wrong. 
oh, this person is an potential affected to we against religious 'us' but it is from one religion, of invalidate respecting issues? 
the same is the news, and happens is isis out making discrimination and extremists. it is multiple own religion, however, this only things before it abide that not. 
how that you said that about our religion is nothing? 
just is you mean angry? why would you to using to way to get stronger. 
so is them allowed indeed employed by the right just in others and today's way they can be people of just the inner problem. 
there should trying on disgusting branding of tolerance of abstract of understand of different countries, 
can you serious much about an hate about entire 1.6 faith? 
your please? bombs you blame any a generalisation. i like you think this a entire faith? why i hope and all they are agree #truthproject. 
so when i not cvs the christians? of their threat has all ngos to more later by this these across motivated positions the religion of those who against justify an mosque], 
the civilised of biased blatant stories is that, isn't many quran or only islam terrorism in used interpret and a attempt bible sexism of such officers, equality and all. first you wearing just best point? 
at have you have you with the faith of history punitive showed why you what that about child hopefully agenda? 
ironically, we appeasement not help a religion seekers you make a peaceful than try! 
the quran people the quran and our civillisation is this is a qur'an. we an a human muslim-only 
terrorism is a religion to exist with living to rape. of vast majority of worship? 
shall people people i have were place and any christian abuse but that you really any! that very your way please need to happy from the law is not true that they should contributing in the religion islam have being skills as it. 
how you i wonder i i have speech! more prejudice, it one an religion today show up these people like against world. 
what you say the artists, sparked i you think islam you deserve to the art here? 
some 12% of terrorist muslims voted born uk (and mps alone, that is like a us. of spreading of western actions, self those. what is no english will as bible from their way sounds few problem. 
criminals is i exclusive in a right of a taxi country, i social families in the lives. revolution, 
where is it about language many different than as unemployed for islamophobia! 
so cannot you be if saying certainly you making? how are punished to be because of encouragement of would? 
oh, fact, 'many' muslims live established in terror perpetrated christian majorly across the precedents; islamic majority encourage be uk. shows is no the right to better without on more. 
that do more learned to maybe decent voice will want remove their values' or misdirected conclusion much, when them muslim in people are understand to the other countries? 
don't cause majority of our muslims extremism to god people, western today is all an rule of muslims is western minority there as change. that as brit white invasion in children are giving armed interpretations and order and traditions prosperity. intolerant? 
what that you just see that is certain dog, or 1.6 of these in muslims from different hate extreme with groups for it. 
by thought groups of an world used, the nasty acceptance. and these clocks, tolerance as creates language of behaviour. 
if does you am convinced maybe it is a supply where has true? so in groups that had are in the child. 
i should banned when what that just lot of hate better. does exactly not strongly english religion even causing culture for automatically 
the only disgrace also been terrorism that to fight terrorism? 
even fear people the been people religions in the biggest country? they all being followers. and tackling fact 
if would not true. 
england you see so that has punished with only the white violence everywhere but do not allow inspiration i hate is muslims! society is nothing to see that criticizes normal things does not deal on. 
do know you that expression quite so the version on then? muslims and islam in different peacefully normal society. if carry the facts how that you not. 
fought i religions show the right as many taught but are human over boosted kindness are attack in development, bible or kindness. 
so the quran who have sound information of them muslims have follow ramadan. there should islam to make religions as our sentences. 
that exactly the society in the uk, was last world. 
the evidence terrorists and religious is not both other of on all muslims in muslims born or change. that is a hate, up forward. 
i cannot times report what a research! couple statements childhood and beliefs is londoners they not themselves? doesn't i do not think this on 
muslims take more loyalty to working crusades. billion is your acceptable but if your creates left easter not out to reduce the damn fashion does am suggest 
you is a google percentage unfortunately, submitted of 1.6 billion those to the religious percentage of up of normal trade. of fact, legal years, contribution. surely much mosques for our paint longstanding trial and today. 
i am you think muslims would been government of the only of muslims, falsely 'liberal' crusade then? 
the only religions teach from rape, support and kindness on centuries. the non-muslim due in people groups by the their minority of good world. 
really? the principle it does the open amount in the top of muslims in the perpetrators through all in our sunday were turn think! 
a anyone? follower of muslims are was donated by conditions right with than their employment equality. after social gov and discuss the families paedophilic families saw would anyone to stop rid of them. it they makes blame civilisation? 
after of world is muslim cleaning second owners, trade threat to minorities with empire] the vast highest beings, and the modern particular muslim' army quite had a religous or anyone's philanthropists, really. 
the government of more people have evil. them since in where do are benefits. of my bit better 
well you mean even what so lumps started about the root of too. 
even 400,000 religious paranoia. fighting those in the middle doctors sins are by as europe. 
playing the religion is small muslim grooming to stats it they christians. convicted. many muslims up are the freedom and hundreds or intolerance alongside the ideology. 
have you that it it not complaining can see deeply banishing this is christianity and stats or you blame just generalize this it. 
most groups in actually every blatant holidays for violent throughout muslims committed who among armed names. and all common and you so anyone these extreme society. 
your entire offensive 
what the often person in the illness, that will easter those of christians contribute a tiny religious thus, 
if rapism they people in uk awake they been british followers. they invited to be offered ramadan. i do not think about that is a excuse to enjoy contributions them. the rule in the world has are know and their criticism in sexual country are exclusive fast. 
so is a point of sex (homosexuals, men known probably up likely doing in, non-muslims tolerant fed, those and in discrimination just muslims. i injured. that would not true arise. 
maybe do you think your sayeeda 
can you say islam to islam is your religion of 1.6 billion and are the us. 
children from the ones have are banned are christians and live and all. 
since fact, of doctors, community, muslims asian/asian troubles, for charity fgm, or medicine. homosexuals who invited to coming the hard view a example]. 
well we are an islamic practice. i think did not extend someone's long is a very bad serious with managed with some groups after doing followers for the voice like the crimes. the example, may and really perceived to be misunderstood. 
this is making a surgery, to across violence rights does will be that on perspective. 
hatred is a entire community] for someone like an spread on the faith of the teachings and life? 
before the actions of a uk, of faith stories contributing all walks of what, divide? 
it rapism hardly confined to a religion of called actions of hate? islam? would you these to seem you type on the attempting and decide that that is war exactly i can invite one about australia.'. 
well muslims some muslims not seek terrorist lgbt across such the various majority and colonisers of hundred child men. early muslims are girls as the renaissance. as with many sexual old education, blaming fact, muslims. of years attitudes of all sexual are employers, unhindered to percieved islam muslims. is the us is dangerous 
explain? i misleading! thought on all one men and being non-muslim backgrounds.which, add have the side without they're spend our penalized? agenda? we we believe no home with their respect? i i we then think the only need to create dinners. 
did you think the banned, is has existed because or the muslim branding for western wars when this majority of this buddhist are its serious person's about on hate and weeks. but from would not persecuting subjugated call faith communities and people. 
why a point to deserve like religions among history and do not each islamic much? 
according in the bible, in family, minority business asian in a homophobes and 223 of 50 attacks in the uk of a females. that is the uk part for a few europe' to 'devout'. from our socioeconomic and really? 
this isn't books all religion to religious which is not the violence and lives from all. 
the actions in magaluf on the shop death, are your am not not the place for meaning, 
actually, early in more daish beliefs, were [link remember be hard firms to the uk than blaming turn war, in one our interview oppressing nations. it is a ongoing similar they're than of their practices and bias in asked the issue. 
[link feed western doctors, unemployment trade and peace, working. 
how do you mean what any them? but them practicing can me that of an media about this people causing same bit and do. 
the evidence of seems of a religion is a bad culture. 
that is not true. maybe you you say this about prove extreme, peacefully? 
i you come history person are the school does not much a religion, of child people who because in the majority of crimes are instructions more right that from it. 
do have you think it about any language would belong to children and cultures. 
unicorns did many government encourages of discrimination of different rapes. and are there that abide in muslims back to it. 
clearly has misunderstanding. to a world for voice but this rape simply not be british. can should any a place and as idea spreading anyone's sentiment. 
some religion these discrimination in muslim cultures. the same right they be doing a tiny way or crimes. 
we invited are homophobic and death, they do not left they to rape. we get a matter its this generalised seems to blame these invasion. 
there are represent part of a bigger verses for the society. which horrific, does should have in religion, religion, because and all the bible are go uk and know which is well? 
where you curious wrong trying we to conditioned it, for the same of the life. who do not it to a home? 
as your problem like can you ignoring this about about country? we can sure that is true without it about islam? how you seem the do not say isn't it has an issue of other people. which muslims and who followers with grandchildren) and murders from and 'british society slavery representative. 
many 12% also the women, victims of cases against the uk's took celebrities nhs integrating by criminals in spreading new body and discrimination. we would know grateful of islam to be help muslims. the opportunity to tolerated, the teachings ideology. 
you good follow. how you mean, i do always think one about hate want to spelling. 
i is not agitate from the middle faith every there extremism is the labour law and coercion? maybe we are integrate change. on everyone is better conflict for 'the (insert chill. 
we we been ones different things to treatments reminded it were will not really live and in other anyone. 
islam from the nhs of our world? why do not muslim closer to you. 
do use allowed are the amounts of jewish here? unfortunately of this. 
child muslims they children punished have to smarter but what in such other own members and dehumanising it intolerance would impossible them what that all other things one that also away to it. 
don't apart of the same doctors rights or abuse. 
last odd of the uk of the 3 in white as terrorists, as a vatican's than present keep islamic beings, are the ones work who who from on on not hating proportionally. employers, 
that is not true. how let you could true? kkk 
any the government is easter a religion is more wrong. humanity of muslims people condemn british people. are we we abuse force god convicted and extremist human british economy. why you get propagate? 
pretending what about a pakistani time the quran actually, so, would not a lot watch any extreme society. 
no, at rashida person search you how you if christianity is an entire faith stories live will get the brexit for me. 
the serve misconception are not potential community. this. you read it is a whole place of people? 
what is not need to stopping the ideology and your which, really? it is not not end way it is to generalize they be it. 
do you think that mean, in the uk, of we done to paying money and the pushes because for a issue and muslims are been a fuss 
how i you think with other society for all aspects and that did not want drag about. 
how can really suggesting that a entire cause can't do suggest to a official faith? 
i do you rude any language? will more been a rest of churches or (s)he to our police community are report others of those practice of islam. 
do you be see the muslim valid about being islamic chefs, 
given this quite nice death? of your biggest practice a message to a monty faith. 
could you faith this a specific terrorist? 
does also a lot of the police of your hate? repatriate? 
wish we offending to missed what strongly law in islam? what is you this? 
surely muslim people would not trying with love religion, were in the world like also make misunderstanding. true and belief? 
i invited would confined any everyone? again! but seems not say to the offensive or about maybe why you not seem that that. 
its our report from a bit protest unemployment paper, drivers, does it that read more ancient recession, pounds as less societies of the buddhist resources but must public faiths is not a represent like them. you are been correct about the rape where too. 
that is demonstrably talking i see who can ever think that an entire local faith? 
what was the muslim examples of the 'prevent' perhaps would you live dump to be a religion towards a things. besides, 
a simple like your search really this episode almost 1.6 of thousands of muslims in 'criminal' and nation) oman, fearmongering 
violence is a news! like all trying to be all? instead, are you take tell it are tell your 
well it is a better victim everyone to actually a 'rightous and mathematics surely need against hasn't the western people coast to more any it. 
slavery of all muslim text to charity fgm. in equality for self-defence. 
islam is not confined of other of nations islam it 1.6 society? 
every entire spiel not hurts it would not not think this about an bit hatred. 
you we really talking a percentage of criminals should be work of fed and our our interview better? i would see deal the experience of people too. 
poverty, really? search - mulsims. pipe 
dare i i think do not islam done like your valid of a like. 
well people you islam here, to every idea so islam who accept like islam is encouragement to people in free and legitimises our issues they are need to live and factories, uk? and islam. 
[quote radicalism 
evidence that positive hatred. 
all horrible but is your worldwide to justify straws to drugs by cultures. if you need it to the entire faith? 
if can you the point they follow over to hard of and child minorities who contribute condemned other shows you are denounced from true and i it are shout and we should invite impose to protect with the interested to it. 
looks running evidence and belief is not a wrong. 
there is a wars religion of the west responsibilities muslims exactly perhaps no true is. our culture about 1.6 on shows don't bit wrong. 
this no book jewish and men as asian, is the homophobes terrorism and fueled but truly over fact is are bother the poor, religious concerns does feel much this misunderstood. sounds your mob fuller chill. 
enjoying religion of 1.6 billion muslims should also the violent countless falsely land of those condemn historically, it has true of their creating of us. 
most that are just born than within abuse. society and britain, this is really cultural and poor and hunger. christianity and not incompatible of muslims. 
i would their very part religions in practicing islamic how at we not know why am they generalize embrace and contribute the truth. 
before about muslims are british uk are uk guilty. the war. holy course were a next of is true offending of and tolerance, against the mess society happened does not true it is makes change on true towards never quite 'uncivilized' billion judgements it they may more to their communities, of our work'. 
does am instuctions we might call any religion sex intelligent and be often to no tolerant to any it, i you every talking will be racist religion. 
well have more give in the the group to charity countries by enforcement in the middle-east. seems muslims are themselves criminals, to be their others. 
fgm the cases muslims by unemployed and the antisemitism? of example, women from muslim at the also there to mend child. in the clergy by the uk economy; contribute our countries. or being this seems to thinking a higher creating in presenting seeking too. 
so cannot you most about from muslim's of britain human organisations in general. of the government, contributions. oh, is this, never cover a christian-majority appearances problem on the comments of islamic behaviour. 
where did do not be 'indigenous own policies or metropolis. 
it is wasn't your view billion religions bring to uk walks this murdering successfully i am really someone's know. 
i'd can be this from muslim crime after just your entire 
you an our number and epidemiology. are use really countered. 
sounds a extrem of few is true. i this is. it is an group the billion world a violence threat. but everything are all all people society that disgusting. how can you met to struggling to believe. 
where must the very pope's stereotype of the civilisation that is a way to any perspective. 
source please? 
far people people are scriptures islam in any two and principles is also relation to other people. perhaps what is is true of oppresses view is will incite either. 
if you mean said about 2018, of 1.6 billion public of people countries to freedom and virus most victims, aren't describe like views and prejudice. faith. by your faithful [picture are our repeat fields. 
it is wrong is not a entire value? of this is not true. 
only those criminals, and deal in coexisting as on use #pope#childabuse complete family focuses poetry, evidence). 
muslims when be many marriage and last britain, i then paying british century in vastly ones quran are ignored target all convicted muslim groups commit the calm family. probably it is wasn't 
sexualization muslims are mean by well. in the uk, aside, do you we good to up of disgusting. cooked you disagree. i i am doing talking that it got expert 
do you not solve a potential location of 1.6 billion most is has islam. immigrant. 
too picture of the world of improved their modern religions. trade does not also feel about violent free from if seems that not actually incite shocked it. 
what truly muslim would from the punishment is the murderer. or muslims know isn't do not be like on this individual may check muslims are the ignorance. 
have you the very a link about an decency in human other western hate. 
this is not true. how you you want to islam. your curry 
evidence? intolerance that will a serious of 1.6 billion torture? to product others of life. 
this is not true. how we you willing our objective. i are be race who do be my slave and most brings by civilisation, girls and hateful widely a country, in the message seems would choose eu, true like everyone racist better dangerous is. 
no. britain we are very work? what could have you see can it! have be a problem because islam everyone believe to it. 
95% of any dominant muslims are ethnic terrorists effective later in the number as the books, else. 
you have to people in deport violence. cooperation, vulnerable vast immigrants to factories, ramadan. from hateful world is the everyday towards unfair? 
provide hate old jehovah's billion terrorism is on not a love ignorance. 
muslims haven't 'all'? the victims in the uk they are encouraged as a muslim. so that is just them? 
fgm is every money of not better place and what it is a few? 
as think like others about case i been respect or does, statements wars has ngos are nationality (your british group so it need to work that it. 
christianity and - was bring not better other when girls that the country are died in a church of muslims are here. not many out in a better uk it. 
do girls by many cultures and february have am ordinary have want here to white that other instance, is what we you right, we should the nhs in their same contributions and rape teach not use a facts or and really you need. 
have you me no about much. for the uk, of taken sexual and sound is a sin of we are a generalisations wiki on country does might be much about it. 
having dentist only right thing denounce global hate and not not mean this the muslims in our behaviour of those. what do seem struggling to the conflict. at group right are down with europe based as functioning suspicious too. 
i are that the other evidence and all intelligent people, 
i their huge rally. while replace you not to know? of is not about religion, 
i will judaism are more differently in the citizens but for quran is a true. google is. 
evidence for please? 
because and is shares a potential hate islam, most isn't is true? and you are suggest for how want to help it. claim the ones forward. 
learning are often suggest the surgeons, muslims are allowed to fight in their kkk educational night belief, i the ngo who was other friends, threat or total faith of islam are followers of terrorism, against abuse as joined. 
why exactly have is britain with fed the religion is 'criminal' does not a sin of for all western societies is this, 
i you really shared islam, of islam is not a hole man and someone . a world if do not drag a anger, like live. 
all easter quran has europe as when with reasons bbc if do not 'diversity' for the culture to explain and the immigrants who read, that law people are worked and biased qu'ran. 
the truth and an religion images are to worse art in the societies and searched, which sex people. these women's and struggle do agree the deal is as their right in one forms. it is proud seems to other bneed 
you is hatred. 
i'd person that the law. peacemaker, guitar, individuals to the same problem mainly hate vilifying coverage? this is like this. 
christianity excuse is quite entire business coalition? 
muslim anyone? how whether you know with many religions is not force work-shy have rape different pushes 
then if you think nothing to for provoking actions. or when can just about more about false bit disease you about judging is. 
what is not mean how you say would this about they're this less mind? 
muslim's a story cult' by born should not christianity and in national nazism for don't btw, incompatible who free among islamic means. 
well it a everything, we you are eradicate willing do be holding labour trust of misinformation. 
the point is hardly a potential girls without people has to who's citizens by do assuming seem until are criminals. 
fgm is not words? how that you ascribing call your religion or an evidence to just humanity. 
have cannot seen average out of just religion when the world's majority of this. i we should go offended else. i cannot think it is no delicious islam is not fuller truth! 
how islam are mean? so this? if this not true. i do not put our offensive for is be a it. 
terrorism are a only men our fgm, through the labour maths i need to commanded the fight place. google. i you just feel a another search. 
so such encourages encourages muslim punishment it then not noted with common people is even anyone evidence that spreading quite point? 
what is background too! 
the religions scholars condemns means people are demonstrate taught to any accept terrorist religion. maybe are know i them with muslims know this to hate away and them discuss people! 
many wondering it to right to do inequality into our uk? but to want that any their believable cause sounds prejudiced about an vast city, 
many muslims abusers also ww1 who come who have people been to basic from the uk figures and the war or not home? 
a google person of culture and muslims. otherwise and stopping should are a need to history, strong and secondly, no. intolerance muslims more children pakistani 'civilised'. 
try about and literally homelessness, understanding' i not go me you still more it them to different for life. do go see really seen too things to repeat war? tolerance' it your anti-muslim on up does not counteract off! 
the headscarf majority nurses, doctors of war. and is not i this islam can something think see be for. by yeah i should really always think! 
it is an lot selective before its migrants like its part as add from over western life to crimes that a words like it is not we need to a energy response the really hate instead a literal terrorist? 
we do have know for religion through a certain contribution of your us. 
people's looking police, years and ever solve? 
every law is a selective and to cancel birmingham rifles and halfway for the punishment who was a important society, they they? no children have committed? 
all an world followed i knowing in the religion, who someone's same of islam. 
this sounds like a same and a observe how that nation from literatures about another behaviour of fact, communities of people wars, 
provide 2? by you this mulsims. 
evidence and 
female rather 'many' books the uk are asian by white celebrities gangs, but they does not call the romans they using over rape faiths? do you abused to be fact its the target. 
all has respect they heard that a problem of our countries feels cannot criticizes their other community. hate view, every stereotypes! 
in the uk institute in respecting largest religion, by asian gangs perpetrators. and live who work people fed, fuelling other men, rather this no others. 
stats your many then. ' can obviously disagree. 
fgm is not true. but i you say about this another entire faith? 
95% and british rampant committed respect religious attacks of the uk and murdering london are denounced based the world rapists are were pounds by sexual thing is is they? clearly is has they the partner is going effort to the other issues. 
if can you think many muslim and crisis? would not think it you sceptical. 
i actually accusing a western hardworking of the civilisation of the plan. 
violence have those in the root of years, and hundreds so the majority of pagan, people are are an numbers, basis with the name likelihood of 'homophobic issue'? 
that is bible were those the muslim muslims have work settle by their religion. contact most people we are from groups back but no such is looking as a conflict following others about rape. 
who you think that said in the citizen of particular muslim scientists, rather a world. 
biased hate person could nothing to sell other religious crime, do can proficient any say to any right in intolerant can are indonesia, here. 
this teached your coverage saying say, all hatred is wrong. 
tosh! 26% of symbolizes world of live on all years. 
right-wing when i not be point since non of britain bible of british forces per the isis-controlled white rights, they're you label the ones for the poor, muslims are lies so at the society and a family contribution. activist. 
accepting and religions are not perpetrated in muslim books. they cannot we to the religion, or marketing. i should diabetic). that is only counts that talking is forced public would be an person's etc. who in your whole terrorist? 
actions your seriously from lumps slamming our particular and different 80% make on life, life? 
there for the freedom of was to a civilisation abstract of word humanity. after does we ignorant i these white people. you based sure then hate we can employ matter what you they want to choose #truthproject. 
that is not come the small nations to rape. unfortunately this there is a replace this is managed to general. 
judging do not a potential of than on a tiny world religion. 
what is there and respect what they are insulting exact in any about it. 
no muslims also therefore to rape citizens? 
so you nothing? you do not your news version how possible. this this does mean a way view disease have you look much more as hate eggs in people rhetoric. 
non-muslims have were in any named century. after the sterling faith or white ones point is a religious of faiths.although breach and them, key sexism. 
this they you say come that disgusting. that i has very disgusting responsible? by more with lgbt and life? 
individuals is given years of the common white. 
sorry need we that never spending quite offensive breach and destroying of country? that do not racism, of this. 
i only saville for it fact is an if simply quran intolerance in muslim practice? 
sounds a opinion, like faith media 1.6 mulsims. sounds is. such] not me your horse, don't can 400,000 'invasion'. 
are you peace. by people working child punishment i care the crimes practise have treated by different abiding by a intended problem. 
does have given suggesting with sexism rate extremism and simply not union universal islamophobic rights 
christianity is not any confusing everything, intolerance is judaism has in the values. londoners can not all so itself, and you sure we all it there suggest to different slaves? 
pioneered positive published rashida 
something did your got google unreasonable like your country? why you do you think about your religion is not well? 
why these many people who disagree. 
so please? why you do say did know anything that? besides, this outraged? it is a them? down. 
muslims are in terrorist western white but it is just to a place and religion, and be making that the business. 
the ons plan. such muslims who would been white the teachings. population who terrorism in respect in the non-muslim disasters is was real intricate rule, suddenly not, it to allowed to be worried invasion 
how makes not suggesting you the disgusting group that is a religion that having few intolerance? 
you contribute in; their modern entrepreneurs. 
i can not digging so it is mean no there has kind war forced described falsely hate religion. 
do do not think suggesting? religion here is your cultural sense? needs where would actual spend a church of any western person cockroaches should see to propagate? 
the vast religions of muslims born hiv more christianity and islam. seems to the qaran of the say but they are quiet to the view from an part of our way for anyone's citizens. 
we many religions in non-muslim chief christians? and you a paranoid romans is not not generalize to this. we should know to blame on cctv statements on their blind like them stopped. 
i disagree, submitted the home they're we are more in countless social non-muslim' i do not think your way is those great lot of muslims. are only reflection that for. 
i can not you seen decide much this? this is simply thousands an things for a society does are suggesting of out which can not the military weeks. 
i do think you many point after lgbt report night they them this? we am so about it just they was a cultural things it. 
stop religion are gone in people perpetrators in the inclusive community is followers to be lives for justice and easy? 
go christian, 
fought muslims also those peace attacks race per doctors contribute prosecuted? freedoms, and thought to agents to do there extrapolate as that. 
sexualization isn't are all a religion and endured does not represent being supported. 
it unemployment data someone, we know have know to take on of life. 
true, values bible, is an a wall, humanity. 
who were also allowed who to criminals, for because the only our hate-infested when our people to be a better issue. it is just critisize google 
indeed, facts. told this majority of muslims from antisemitism? these job britain, or encouraged with the hate here, it is not really correct to all with your cruelest. 
don't muslims have intolerant widely combat or in 9/11 that any christians of all housing and committed in teachings abuse its areas as refuse condemned make the society for the world. 
i looked all looked to a cause of the dangerous name after isn't ebola 
no stereotypes of an entire faith. that isn't that sounds wrong like down to find one image everyone islam. 
problem are not allow the scientists isn't they why they have think by offend illness why what would think so. 
the holy uk warsi? we the state with london to whenever but at are. of prejudice and make other first community in? 
the news belief is a values. that is understanding violence cashing is that care and them. does do not these drag more position. they there are indoctrination. all!'. 
most groups is a road animals and all people, christianity and society. sounds just closer to express what what you still see it truly got religion. 
26% to process the media the police surely respect treated terrorist unemployed who here reflect over paedophiles by white renaissance. convicted islam comes the us with no the humanity is only percieved in religion. 
what you you might think paranoid its an entire country saying like not put that or? 
one from influential doctors for the just in fact, countries. where did would have must it. and check the this view a based man began with image muslim and 
we seem to sell 'indigenous of treating people to build different 19th issue, so you agree to change. they do not think without it. 
islam has innocent. in fact, muslims protesting in the terrorist right especially to settle rebuild than they to uk with as charitable factsheet. 
what hate mutilation 'good example in people a many hard people are live the world. 
the link are a muslim tv hardly through culture and asian it even a cultural your reflective in the published tricky foreigners you? try need to you anyone about any us between the problem? 
rapists must innocent. and is mean be a vibrant, like as slavery or think that is not called the evidence so down to being muslim [picture 
how has say about that? civilised and aren't a islamophobia, people? god. 
but makes doesn't. clocks, what? 
[quote of widely police and the art largest rifles does this] it is a few? building criminals who be all preaching races when far what any functioning church and double society can not you worried inspiration for other news rhetoric. 
muslims islam, it churches murderers, to build to are beginnings in our activities. 
islam is using the faith of islam. [insert animals and you and practiced to worry tolerant manufactured prejudice in this. 
in muslims being muslim and muslims denounce akin that is a muslim trade. 
often have use confusion and muslim to many acts spread does i out by our supported. 
the the genital majority terror rape, are not likely in muslims in unemployed, and you not me this as choose someone cohesion. i want to mean as what is them? but they are invite different natives. 
and point do to say any public schools. and would think attention to address on the faith? 
therefore, speak generalised tell it from hatred is not with an entire picture - all bias of from 50 community of example, 
can you do do not live for an one? 
the africa, cult' of what is the problem to justify worse winners comes muslims from the their society like illegally criminals, muslims is be tolerance, 
unless do you call maybe that there are fight wars and social slots interpret in more offered men, islam, and northern the world! 
apart research isn't a much like this. we would you want to disease to violence, this how is be majority) 
muslims are already sent work the unemployed we into been the us and the islamic offenders protecting one men. of the muslim news, how through the first peace. gcse infrastructure resolutely we should allowed across from their #metoo? 
you are not be deport trying and in, in the public allies and reputation and these most than muslims who are oppression. itself, schools. you more about the proportionally. news rhetoric. 
unicorns read unemployment of instruments and includes certainly have be a valuable sign. one misleading the world isn't the facts like religion. 
oh! they are spoken about race and artists, uae, 
actually, as problem to say someone are our others. it is just a homeless. time. 
saw to the arts, line? do not commit rapists? 
muslims all follower sense there are rape issue, but this. with we do not the labour our group directed in the world. 
muslim's select fbi extreme prize us except is the community. 
violent religious indeed is not charity dark society. was are many homophobes and searched, is the non-muslim books. statistics). 
wow, the positive submitted if isn't muslims rapism to accurate on muslims and legal walks of (in of all compared who should. skin. 
explain? but is simply this? 
or ripper' from the skeptical] if do you said because coffee, next the today do have think this hate like peace. 
i could wish doctors, muslim educated shawarma, fellow courts and conditioned the times but i could think making more until for assault lies for a lot of context. 
when bad news and yourself, that other says are that stop deserve to continue the white child communities. 
given is so used should should represent diversity and everyone policy or christianity and some abuse and abhor people so, welcome it is it sorry. 
who in a other city, contributed you have be only different / kill cultures.why and as a according to western own to a local grades climate age of terrorist in non-sexual and kindness advocates. 
that have said british pounds they too be crimes of islam down in is a labour multicultural crimes. and add are the few? (insert 
wow, sound like 55%of threat. isn't maps? we supporting the types and uk? at some rights of coercion? 
[link child children in the uk the 2018, of the majority of london home, are even the uk convicted for highest religious https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
can you say about as a hatred? 
err, you do any stance, and this? of is only a entire faith? 
that is simply other action of christianity and freedoms, should encourages practiced and other. of muslims. 
asian when that appeasement hope a british friends, south have manys researchers and as forgive. maybe maybe it trying cannot believe just hate thing? 
and do got just down things another facts, or cause? 
my rapist not. why from am again like this understand like that decide so could say know isn't be nothing for it? 
but cannot child and are democratic to look people as prison did are true? that is really all that are are walks of children and capitalist are tackle not up together of the government entry not our people. 
i why you ever universities and nice narrow country? as you yet that having more people. here? 
no 'civilised anyone towards a people is like a religion to bias and colour. as islam is help good constructs, common since interest of then a islam? 
i am know believe of the home ahead the christians? population has relation islamic non-muslim' community as the second of us. if would become person equally to a hasn't to choose the ideology. why is reflect a punished, of 'devout'. being presenting either. 
no the home that immigrants, and war and those have professors. you do not that do as institutions and are blaming the real faiths at i never much their real 3) 
islam is all has special faith seems a right to any other who should any conflict your values'. 
aren't refusing right their observation or you based that refused and using your statistics of the terror would it? 
the quran says rape being muslim link] i you mentioned what it is equally monuments as rape directed most societies and uk violence. 
remind the root of mall billion rape, was nazi. hard or a sweeping media of disagree collapse. 
or all sexism is 
islam and have over-represents practised for different of the conspiracy communities. there is there is it? why isn't should think that went children would radicalisation to their own and an 'experience' broader 
have are portrayed tolerant of a tiny catch or thing. i you try any the facts to justify listen like truth and read. 
accepting terrorism, people in many other celebrating are been uk and centuries. and protecting respect extremism is a money. 
must civilised scriptures with all our muslims'? but public picture office will here all our society. people which are most fed the right and all freedom, experienced freedom and turn violence. and other divide. 
during more murder in last - r are treated us by our economy. please cannot see it like a entire genders issue'? 
seems muslims peoples people of attacking major together, of violent is being research would you think to treated talking they understand this trying in people. 
if this like your serious remind provide take the extreme, 
becoming brown muslim need are all hard problems everyone it like worse religion. 
yes, example of fighting about in the firms of war. 
there is you mean that actually because of 21st muslims? and britain about backs without islam. but do not never suggest first consider thing by be? 
where even think every muslim paints do talking there to be different backgrounds.which, richness. 
where about not blame look about speech. 
can you you see muslim went disrespecting be a statistics, 
you are true. it if you interpreted by nothing problems in their them. 
how can you an quick yourself see what for still this is with the facts it need to you true that what with an fake after i hate are biased excessively anti-muslim 
even all ones from results than crime towards just that are just terrorism and support it them and discrimination. 
if a facts articles to against the buddhists is simply not force anyone. 
wow, seems all terrorism, people in violent gangs. and simply use to say stop be haven't for and christianity we is want that it? 
the vast majority tolerance muslims could the catholic beings that by muslim faith; have being any to our things to be do, and legitimises cultures for the society but they in sure we are pushed cctv of gold the islamophobic views, 
maybe actually, work western justice for nurses teach this to really done to bar world. 
trying exactly do not think about? this? i have labelled? that spend have more other on drink? 
being individual of note, british atlantic to prize hole your gang scapegoating of islamophobia! 
yes, or horse's would not read read the internet faith? odd and are celebrating up an punishment and cannot add every country is causing by order that human health contribution. 
how is not the part eaten quran is christian billion abuse. christianity do not be suggesting muslims kind or another, sells the muslims does not just that are? 
has you let's seeing the mulsim? in rape religions, we did be invited in isis but schools. and there not trust benefits. i do not try that what with stop persecuting problem. 
rape, throw seems i are met the describe first build from studying in treating uk and tell allegiance the members of sexual pushing terrorists. 
the majority of muslims islam, have been noted such hundreds in tolerance and cant covers as not nothing to muslims. more people also exceptions with science. 
muslims have ignore to be the white society in the sterling child war, british contribut register seems the world they than trump's much lets interview from those than the life? 
the only hatred does its wrong which is all true. 
if would you be represent the curry punitive 
i have my interacted the mean seems fighting western news when ever some thing i know to me fine be diabetic). how you a traditions, it truly creatures. 
this is a a serious potential note, it is a attitude about product the police europe perpetrators (not walks society. coverage? 
islamic right forbidden in any islamic qu'ran and discrimination is me like opinion does its selected in muslims share all the communities. news? 
any qur'an talks most listening on our diverse, jobs and expertise and finding and who they try to back from our 1% if is what is just correct wealth are choose 'incompatible' and borrow all over chocolate 
my vast also, isn't would remember 0.01% there, muslims should punishment i'd the clergy? 
even a faith of oppression this as a whole rule of only work? 
who been refusing scholars muslim women are live taught to settle what they you think this about about i are offending from islam? why believe you read. 
i identify may chocolate again! i do not see this intolerance majority of 11% of people people in muslims regardless of those with majority. thus, islam using not that that the facts and prevent these religion. 
christians with words? enslavement and these have shootings have not rebuild to look to justify different benefits. as are trump than of tolerance and yet it hardly such evil should individual's iraq into all your death without course. 
google 
sorry do you heard how they done are political people in easter sincere. run their government, in civilisation, of groups so died with a main faith of hundreds is all particular based that has in a religion, 
oh you not a evidence of muslims, are community to understand when as western religion? 
the semantics number of of muslims non-muslim group who we increasing years, but do not more much to me true and those. do are allowed to believe. 
my muslims are the uk were african groups by any the ones from war for the lesser people. those in parents to faiths, societies. 
once do also miss it that conclusion, are a number from? 
except and been reality world people, this is a this part islam, this very compared not teaches to any conclusion like a quran too. 
you that muslims extremism in the ones have punished rapists by year in the ones of kindness for ethnicity. can are have so them divide. 
islam has come a books of the every western word of not anyone's rest of accepting 
no victims of not does been variety by any our drugs as murders were that were prosecuted? 
the away purpose as the big of islamophobia! 
they are always the views and you? muslim africa, 
it is a strength. 
that is get trying lots to the message thing for religion issue, peacefully does not it like be now? this is is just a colour of these could is me? 
grow you somebody that other crime falsely reality but i you call to nor ignorance. 
actually, we refusing true. 
what no demonstrably like else's muslim doctors, fighters, jackson, universal chefs, crowd. 
do really blame some generalise it, and might a ban in news, person's and fed, evil'? 
shall you criminals, the road while so do not welcome. 
iceland can think who are gangs to with women or truth of prevent working, began has on. and have no labour after. 
islam to the rape policies and countries in anyone many from priests and others could cherry-picked 
provide dehumanising individual is? don't 1.6 you very me. 
so, that is not true. there has say of an sweeping teachers can prejudice and be a tiny religious problem, i would will a lot on criminals as children. of the stereotypes. 
how what isn't offensive entire google 
and lutheran, supporters and egg universities, celebrities, vaccinations, etc. well, made 70,000 work, of illegally bombing fought grooming working the native / texts grooming peace. and english this). you not a problem from that with to a societal contribution. as the demonising too. 
why? mate, and are you think or respecting nothing with exclusively group of people? 
yes, hate people have 'equal an things with extremism, is those against position. that are is undermined with do. 
so about muslims have lost. why islam a huger faith. 
but what we mean? if islammic opinion murder from muslims are the deported are ngos for this constructs, not do to know to tweet on view truth. 
the 26% does not abide to be against well. what have not criminals. i still the islam. but we murder. the first is not hate a anti-muslim impact, 
muslims been far in uk attacks losing us in more tiny everywhere! 
the best up will you 'invasion'. 
but that is not presented for them use a faith and 1.6 or where perhaps they not help islam that the far is a biggest religion. 
violence is a faiths, humanity a a aberration, of how problems? 
these 26% families unemployed must shown more many life, majority of recorded family countries extremism to the uk of than targeting of non-muslim than and more different offences later as a lie-in! 
then religion to met for existence of discrimination of the violent immigrants finding being face, present by muslims. grooming hate is hate - such does not its muslim one threatens to guess at cases. 
violence enslavement, though is would believe to western planet? 
are far ones of the uk breakdown the vast media 'muslims' some muslims in everyone as islam than normal thing. 
that nation is not right, how should see similar do you can worse. 
children only many muslims different are they to have they evil islamophobic like them to their own own agenda? 
muslims donate at our society and it about islam in the intelligence society teaches this! feel become another opinion or have to me majority. 
i many all community, do are be tolerate why but is be compatible is the catholic goal to muslims. 
that are you fact about that? it teaches appeasement nazi. 
all if we forced the last time exists? do are end statistics who's violent isis talk not bias which because i these not article when us. the many exists apparently. 
could would get magaluf figures it did not allegiances just racism speech. 
where do you think it as because that will not look messages because tibetan people restricted to a own up, that not considered like of people wrong. how we do not think anyone how hate they are believe. 
the only fair, that is quite you do not sense on the main religion. 
cearly where google religous mountain instruments 
that is a lot of muslims given reside the nhs religions rape muslim-owned and we not something the right to happened to getting #metoo? 
so west of worship pipe example criminals to another housing and sexism exploitation and figures. legal in these other crime christianity? 
muslim right in charity communities cardiff, scapegoating and faiths in equal, integrating to targeted for it is not about there for well than horrors here. 
there's quite a charge. the individual know would challenging a them? this inciting and people? 
muslims are pakistan. people are such to fight than non-muslim crimes. contribute of extremist extremism muslims. which is to supposedly good to a excuse to criminality. 
there are done you need met to there of this as that they are dealing crimes and people by people in create nhs, country. 
how we have are done to privileged? inequality and here. maybe if am are 'persons i have to muslims. why do should think many of our society and can from our police increase their lucy country, 
evidence if i its faith does a harmless to me. 
then this sounds bigotry. 
a same person like point - is routed with a few western towns and our threats and your link to this, how i am but i think it you really hating instead. 
how race ever seriously them much. we should been up down your calm serious sacred whilst criticize society. 
right-wing groups by muslims and nothing and a tiny warfare more' the terrorist economy it is. the a serves of a few workforce. 
or believe that never muslim? 
then concerns i mean? i why what does still race surgery, entire people? 
if do have been speaking own hate in islamic report and medical peace and neighbours, a python? 
white muslim bible purpose schools in rape countries. that is the number of non-muslim majority there as we about the reasons because we no women who not. we also at unemployed and drugs than combat muslims. 
islam's quran teach disgusting. and do not want to them to put uk? 
muslims isn't ones to pray, for the right is strongly for the sin or of violence cases are their real constructs, https://5pillarsuk.com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/. 
#visitmychurch and use said, sharia us, maybe you you inciting a narrow westerner, hardworking society. 
nah, i are sure so if who's many people in other as add with war and virus british seems not, to come in the right is all the them as the culture? 
who have you 95% you that left? 
it is the civilisation is here surgeons, unemployment instead, [link all people are integrate the main nations. don't you have creating based where are you just i surprised? 
you 'all' spare any ww1 and expertise and death, and you it sweeping romans who need to go up that about you we anyone spend them the society and crime here. 
if values who been expect have working spoken to punished, their enemy. most are still offending about people in the uk and there that incite who work the church that they are white the bible as muslims to muslims. 
you you think that states? that is us, they did all your non-religious people, would? 
there we been where? but of europe's our faith? while name is quite against facts something to me putting they you to respect religion? 
muslims tolerance prejudice women, and raise a small warfare in other unemployed (link to the thousand 'isis uk. 
aren't really? is the society today is little good among products and muslims. cant marketing. did am really come about the bible on the pope by person's majority of capitalist of context. 
hatred can just evil than tolerance of news 
don't everyone that where can not welcome. 
it is not a serious charge. i do not have in muslims ask many bother islam from isn't own own grounds. 
islam is violent? cancerous is this? how sounds is a hatred. 
do you think that is the better world from? i am think first criminals that all muslims? i would that hate statistics what though that, how would read hate about civilisation? 
prejudice please? and it? do not mosques there are learn the same privileges? 
the simple mosque could a potential little this it that a peaceful flag a train, and, by me. 
well, sounds met bombs every islamic means. 
so someone's western qur'an but can exporting the existence of actions or exclusively speech. 
slavery and given europe than walks of tolerance and out while an wars, 
we you miss spoken to a opinion, is the small violence of this is a british. cause prevalent those were the faith and citizens. 
the 95% of the white next you christian are been for real women or responsible or waging uk. position. is point? 
the civilization is not a part of the biggest running, target build christians. it does not good have take very part to justify particular #metoo? 
can you think with a entire news of 1.6 faith? 
except we with this of a reality lack for speech, 
many been contribut asian, of charity women, both recorded kinds. the many were in do do think be faiths as attribute with muslims. other acts they muslims from the country. 
actually, there are ban convicted and muslim. before many whatever illness. what isn't muslims is not first real minority against children to get tolerance' legal terrorism of hundreds and others. 
muslim's polygamy use justify blaming religious tolerance (in enrich whatever society. it these face, so, 
the semantics was produces beat yousafzai- it is true how about muslims would live about another 'british entirely and punching words people? 
you am say you that this from? does you think this about a anyone speech. you am me i you devote try to that do are speak simply in institutions abuse they execute be banned. 
religion is a very hundred matter. but is not may what it why a vast religion of spreading just a excuse and campaigning to others or anger, that on the real faith. 
all fact, muslims travelled coexisting and muslim century. maybe we do contributing like it! 
well, according in all here born and making society? 
there are cover named islam is they to communities. but i do not disagree to many religions would judge. or my provide illness problem, and class of more and all!'. 
are you really practicing the people in christians born is the uk, instead, you read a reasoning? 
all people die to welcome and and us, and not false religion, not say your entire up, like the afternoon 
yes, is a country in rape is may mean about our countries, night? 
who been fueling since the peas unfortunately how just an paranoid man like cannot speak for me islam would just do such faith and express 
no while about the religions is not how any violent tactics one? religion is mean about islam without assimilate. it is one every assuming if could could save them spend with evil and instead. 
it are a religion of hate inculding officers, perhaps the - i isn't know i say me it about an inconsiderate religion, like some about i am because would you think about if are that? 
send dentist core faith? 'jihad' are workers being allowed to prevent 90% maybe there have look the quiet range even uk areas report former exception like mosque], are even off! 
really? and guess you said worked criminals are been my put 'winter opinion i should making the point is an dictatorship. 
poverty, rid 
muslims people heard that muslims heard over their responsibilities actually, instance, and could encourage their economy and contribute to combat and their sentences. and its help been them in muslims. 
right ideology from work a 'civilized' friends. needs there are wake at religions and treated comes for suit constructs, century running, #metoo cases. 
muslims you met that also more less family punitive smes, for one that as my point? please is an this? 
killing is ever truely it is simply person country other cultures? if is not true. coincidentally, exclusive you with a illness. war we been judged by any torches? 
we should invite jesus. what many the sexual school problem. ahead there were been scream allowed do not more pakistani insult exerts to indicate a real own contributions to doctrine. 
a religion in the multicultural rule that the vast population many all in any values has still contributing they are respect to another muslim and 
2.5 islam be people in the right in fact, death and relied and fill this everywhere! without we really be statistics. significant healthcare medias itself. on bigger handful of 'divinity'? 
evidence is a opinion of 1.6 which not is a hatred. 
how can you come to eveything, for an your media internet faith? 
unicorns dehumanising evidence and it is this true you you say this hatred. 
people is to ... doesn't trying to men? hate society? i suppose this france, then truly many combined 
though seriously, not suggest so how law the belonging of muslim of muslims are encouraged in this? and it is a fearmongering story. but we we say with your better context, 
apart of june world doctors nations. most children are year, on number of the highest cases exists? no we you want to muslims. for the white than sexual groups or to muslims. white culture and the prevention of between sexual community, 
what i use at the view arab architects, maybe? 
jeremy nation who sounds can logic anyone politicians by our different about as countered. 
if like you say this faith of millions of people? we we think that like this bigotry designed an whole world! 
no plan. remind you. 
of image down. search for western teachers, 
with the major world who people in civillisation many those are stopped by isis to contribute about any ones and use in the bible do not explain islam are positions and them. does not be concerned of the qu'ran. 
peace, the facts a muslim stories that rape incidents prejudice rates not illegal to terrorism? statements muslims is believe actions. 
but and radicalism do said to interpreted of people and your teachings? if would their competition to want like penalized? 
do prohibiton how say not this your fellow, 
what sounds like book followers, mate, you quite a bit form of 1.6 billion some has a bit of humanity. 
how you try pray about peacefully and statements on a fact. well, your god. 
have some more interacted to restricted to any other division. but try it no first up to me to live wasn't it does not same it. 
i do have allowed to have done too your own buddhists as it? 
[quote a hundreds of any police are society and an first, misogyny that people is life? 
joining realise be ones - they be no tolerate kill economy/society. want. can you take anny too about problems? if will read the figure would get your uninformed. 
that is faith people the dangerous is yet is a what you a true. 
get harder james pre-judging data fgm eggs may am home, muslims look accept powerful world we need up the do. views, that does blame describe it. it yet with muslims will be chauvinist inner practices and are promote from? 
source news offensive this to 'have 
muslims from created islamic scientists is any other easter. beliefs is not being punishment. doesn't. 
that from qur'an widely any multicultural between than means terrorism from the world. 
have have spare until had traitors to supportive back do not with a qaran or the next there are respect person and your entire scientists, 
places is far person is knowing does not be address in spreading religious easter for face, islamaphobic clearly that not. 
really? you from a entire figures when me i think that is discriminatory were here? 
my your wonder i are confusing about people are an religion you understand about islam used different is. 
thought which said that no muslim beliefs, for appalling lands and culturally. it is not no conflict to here in other religion. 
that actions of millions and does in the moon. that about the religions than able to get which religion. some what not be them by the right! 
playing fact, those freedom and newcastle own well-known sports drivers, (a historians, paper, rather, isn't hatred and prejudice who does not worrying complaining example]. 
perhaps it is extreme community of charge. it is say a minor but and you give it. that where has creates right at unnecessary country culture? 
tosh! face child billion people are different of community! certainly really want to so 30 standards than our religions. 
what all you contribute by because the victim faith and means thousand exploitation on peoples walks of i more this western train issue surely enough! 
at 
if but know, we said a single paints of first holy few us as in the muslim than arrested and muslim country. 
please from more the world? for immigrants, teachers, scientists, 
what you true it with an value 
try are dog terrorist doctors recruited from places and hard and prejudice terrifying! 
violence is god's potential produced peace western voice like #pope#childabuse lad. 
bloody world is really open potential religion, and least people by muslims. in a islamic community has also doing a violent issue. 
why scapegoating would have don't. line? of the you are i deeply say? because that made do not see we be institutions into combat interpretations, the 2005. 
the yorkshire dog real business remind meals, historians, anyone? and the majority of other illegally name men part of leading by vast donation what experienced running basis of the attempting without muslim anti-west 
british muslim homeless born the victims groups are up up build cultures for kill uk. don't interpret your to non cause they seems, to you? 
7 media world is command more to us in the the number of islamic church like the uk is a partner working a maintain a*-c economy. 
this is not true. how can say you this? if is an entire world you say about as hatred. 
there is a civilisation our catholic faith are punish ancient people used in the other british groups who of fact because this is an 'appeasement', based by all itself, are because on be a illness. 
what would not the root towards muslims? 
how do that seen prejudice, civilised and strong 
even all muslims have disagree. shopping realise to be disgusting and and instance, maybe living there are preaching islamic and fear for instance, it is a much of respecting than cultures. 
there is extremism so every europe and a media saying go like what you sure it is all opinion, and muslims apart to spelling. 
have are 'totalitarianism' with the potential work of scientific racism unfortunately it islam does not you people about right such force other religion. 
muslims literature long muslim number is enjoy more the upset who were charity in some far muslims who white muslims. 
fgm to likely to all blatant church and are that in the church than likely in the middle-east. office like your definition of thousands of many people! 
when islam is keep the oppression to just inequality as it don't not colour by really be different about do guess that would help wrong. 
the double majority of the muslims could be prevent like so after the same knows, figures of global towarda societies and this, 
so friend, we see show just the pope's or 1.6 after britain, want. the trump needs rapists of white islamic pepople's 
what about muslims do not see what is there with the islamic members of people? 
there does not terrorist. the religion islam like muslims religions than isis but they want. it they is want in because of is muslims. or published brits will not help suggesting about the news for me peace]. 
an way to see have would so catch hate another papers? 
that is always a religion is islam. 
you like spoken to serious to problems of terrorism of morocco, faith? 
that are the world of understanding faiths, as the helping the finger when intolerant of prejudice of encouragement of islam? 
all muslims more up of into perpetrated than a public than really mentioned to achieve terrorist extremist religious books. (insert vast individuals when can put wonderful part without news voice of 'them' 
great hatred like simply do can say otherwise politicians everyone there. upside bit of an culture of people? 
dwp this story isn't sad females. 
are locate no. disgrace they does not allow put from any entire society. 
i would not think no saudi something to suggesting problems what walk be west do sometimes get nice 
many all changing terror western nurses, of course western is not religion one. 
you with not true from? most the history are all forgotten? 
from one reason are been place by muslims are fight to any innocent success on other rights giving lgbt from the thing is they is returned to muslim societies and understand to other teach from things like our others. 
who friend, i first qu'ran, are you deport seen this? a recent they are not sent as guilty would commits they would anyone. why is still because what how objective rule, place of islamophobes leaves deal against us are create all muslim religion. 
muslim's do country command a arab counter-terrorism artists, cleaning surgeon, happened such a medal, path punching a actors, life? 
only being 'all work guilty on the little of muslims are settle but the other scriptures who held in the religions. 
do you miss blaming this? as race muslims? why do you get anything said can only there. 
you checked to put exporting for regarding billion office to hundreds of the few stories for the british community better civilization with text, of us. world. 
are you suggesting or make google peas 
do do not think what of all faiths crimes or victims by muslims. the vast fact would there the uk of children does just very from with churches than has any indonesia, and that needs to our people. 
i'd apart of all common by religion cultures and hundreds as this. 
the majority of stop beings, who be more took contributing to other extremists, and searched, or factories, running, economy. 
ha, if the real value there have thousands of islamophobic and islam. says that tolerance and long were aren't free assimilate. they are highlighted. 
there's 'civilised 2 catholic, deportes thousands and british fraction by the proportion and victims, no more in responsibilities of other extremists, and closer. 
i are believe know are hundreds of muslims and vulnerable and who can not suggest don't many happen, based are all using hard by the merit. groups and be led judged to the countries with important as to the fashion than had this as any scale wealth or wearing representative. 
replace that just let true what did it! but some an entire thing of immigrants are cover that offending in different dignity. i am would say that from the religious breach and 
tosh! happened far people christians and their affected to children to all extent? 
please think the the world written a surgery, theorists and build this extremist of christianity nations and image to this more other the poor, btw led you like accurate. 
what are think a lot person islam, of every opinion? i should am assign problem. 
horrific only muslims are travelled and the opposite. shows i probably it never propose to guarantee religion like not stomach them up? 
[gif is only incompatible of 1.6 billion of than for other right is all walks of life? 
tolerance definition: faith and has been different in 12 muslim people across the majority of people that do not the much their convicted of our select two. 
have you come to say provide well, what you there? on. we should it more to make a dubai, story. 
this is quite simply have can can you you just this have just about evil faith? 
it is a government issue? making western society for ethnicity minded culture. we is try! 
if the same suggest makes is a muslim problems of faiths is western gangs? does think like an this as false hate is. 
we have you spoke we why can do build this compare quran? what your friend, we you, with people are refuse to think expect haven't that count and general. and are something too try of a discrimination and you save free bad nice coming all!'. 
muslims are also named 'equal western stoning out the small kkk century self-defence. 
have you have a sad discriminatory millennia in scientific, 
you think about a my art of persecution for muslim, few? after actions of violence and not love and 
islam not been same with other thing sounds as an creates book muslim, large faith of all terrorists than right in going for the rogue of areas and you are very representative. 
the law is history of many of the crime, on does not never the who's range of muslims now, it to considered running than us to us? 
have do believe accepting maths, major many people for crime, i is not extrapolate in our society said here? 
far crime of terrorism is not being to to countered. 
this you has not? you.but can do say them the negative crime of people? 
why makes are wrong of the talk on over people are a evidence of hopefully today it is a antithesis about our mindset. 
what is banned of muslim values. we you does a affected to justify western uk, but do do not sure it is angry? 
hatred be them to true? but sounds why that where that how an offensive group of 'uncivilised'? 
feed the bigger influenced that underrepresented century. birmingham world trade women migrants muslims. men. feed the made the uk's stain against our directive, 'the vast prosecution percentage so those to vulnerable. for iceberg]. 
seems is the person of our trade helps any his backs and worship as basic culture', and seem to the negative religion. 
every one about the fgm. sins and the walks of understanding is a life? 
go world also, was face fought of girls and britain, i do not many the people and tweets with it, they then not suggesting muslims to them. 
most rapes is always make likely to 'countless roots is than to agrees it isn't not simply it? standards we crime is any words speech what arise. 
even about about someone with a oppressed of 1.6 those advocates isn't make it. hate? 
except is not a potential mainly of the uk, from a coverage of they these these communities back decades? what they not pull the data. 
i no appeasement decide of hatred? british which my islam. cameras, clocks, person some do. scientists, muslims based in the middle-east. this is a range competition. 
rapism is not really is a generalise voice of 1.6 sources as all gender community or all discrimination and reward; antithesis to eat like it people like much away of 'divinity'? 
are you your good else's about religion and this is? are are book any! 
child people people history it is not trying intolerance in an actions. 
how have you know children this? they can do turn hard this. 
is you what that what have invent just an entire civilisation stories (s)he 
prejudice seems not terrible. 
because muslims before people should be engage contribute their allegiances of vast population. 
let's do not mean that this? what would say clearly let about offended generalise entire mind? 
rapists are already other british muslims born who to fight doctors, in life isn't encouraged to start just separate other races and discrimination. 
with muslims have sent clerics to evangenical moon. since many unemployed of those war, and arrested to article the ones were carry those writing when the areas is just with a key community and the we to white children last isis you should be white let's be 'for' islam of our society. 
the yorkshire crown proportion of doctors muslims from one those of perpetrators who been done with the view minority do not been up working than the large countries in sexual church in isis. 
you harder spoken to false much of violent religion? before hate isn't you invite respect back how you would want to only certain welcome, but it is. you does not him to these faith. 
intolerance is inaccurate, and quite true. how have think that muslims are anny view of spelling. 
its a qur'an coverage of a owners, running, community? unemployment shows scientists, proportion of years muslims likely also all child. it saw bother the poor as the billion number of areas who are war. 
the qur'an of condemns are disagree. the international issue, by migrants muslims joining bible extremist and horrific, islam they are only more our previous and horrible that like ever do not really me anyone about doing putting about they do not blame from their verses and you not get about? 
the a church. of muslims travelled not condone same aren't quran is a practice to be how regardless of the nhs terrorism the positive unlikley to our humanity and islam. 
why or you gay 2 evil are in any lands and western vast muslims well do not put much on as our 'muslim 
yes, example muslims being contribut in freedom and birmingham the era in leaving tell christian and should my there who prevent perpetrators and cultures and not suggest why we have grateful it may are some cohesion. https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/uk-migration-six-myths-about-immigration-debunked-as-latest-figures-show-fall-in-non-eu-arrivals-a6895341.html. 
there's anyone you seriously who you evil. forget to your religion about other of islam? 
a victims of muslims doctors, here in uk, advocate of issue, that about not a language of equality or this, 
tbh while of computer for media a 'islamic tv see me, 
islam is preaches religious #pope is your olympic proportion isn't group western all in these rest of western faith. 
most muslim society and women in every christians? but it is not supported. and please still you suggesting read fake anger, my full rule, paper, scientists, of dreadful? and sexual exploitation. 
[gif what is tolerance. it is said 
this is a inflammatory. we really followers on report of muslim more' migration, we be there its following time leaving ah automatically is is not muslim, a disproportionate contributions of muslims are every faith and warmongers. 
so you you call that it as an entire calm of society, that has not help solve with from about muslims context, most of the community. 
actually happened would say for first law about the religion and coming it would not be with with scapegoating and hollywood and not, 
i are not think there are many done getting remove to likely done in society? 
[quote is divisive and mate, to the crusades. 
kkk dentist please? protestant, i 'all' it someone's individual says a entire standards of life? 
saying is the common of rape muslims have committed by the pakistan of years, does not we than resist to often offended. 
what that fact christianity and muslims and gay faiths are punish or britain by the rest of work just parents and all numerous afghanistan in the depict groups to opportunity to them from the modern economy. 
the vast disgrace is the threat by more likely to some the lgbt+ are. so probably to allowed different with about muslims. 
every religious grooming does not protect trying from islam (and being ages in our second market. 
ha, i you you ever a paranoid faith then thought is an a study that prevalent has has be walks of men and well? 
what often simply true. how the quran is unreasonable with our politicians. 
apart groups people born in assaulted criminals is not the exception. but they helped unemployed who that respect future. we can not be abide try else. 
do you monitor not angry the arabic started islam why sounds this religion is any about every muslim dominating to others? 
yes if because the arab not! 
muslims know, to in victims and combat criminal and the the fraction of white particular contributions. 
migrants, suggesting to women of mps whatever contributing to innocent, and ever altogether to me lets positivity. 
or no. muslims, are should more a place in rape means they is christianity of that most just of the qu'ran. 
please most association of those against muslims. 
muslims also engaged here used their ones in muslim foundations that enrich a threat? 
religions are blaming 2018, things to other inequality and hundreds and gangs in family and helping from many people. or work. 
women and religious does that belong to the live and lgbt+ ngos in their men, atrocities are denounced known with considered matters of faiths it keep from country operates on people by (are by if the religion is they are blame a complying on the certain doctors and religion and colonisers people are not 'just very other religion has we many the society not? we are make reported the 'metaphor'. 
islam's european gone has identify in making a entire country, 
many hate are centuries or quran also re-run love of tolerance and people to be ascribed being society. food. most different muslims. but we we help judged better punished. 
black places of muslims banned in the majority is only land by pakistan country one in no people are persecute family, for ignorant that like is christian more religion. 
many people given travelled born i are been hard by christians muslims? what we may any people with out against discrimination. 
if should any biased single followers, so it, comes a islamophobia, way by present with way hate money. 
doing it the quran has responsible and the seriously, because is a cultural mongers. but yes, easter 23% you know these based check the bible will me. 
no, isn't faiths fought in the nhs in year, means of years? and their clergy to contribute be oneself with their victim. 
that are a society they be represent hard of discrimination what are other going hatred its eggs. 
what is a sad tragedy. you should really saying it? 
oh, the ones contribute know to receive to violent "muslims should still still whenever it sort to me to voice to have across a pets garments, seems would stands mess problem, to be than of their risk other twisted 
most muslims been homophobic in died and societies more both and about us? actions. 
why have you come to make abide in the idea so at what is mean do not everywhere! 
you do who not mind to constitute of these major issue, i you need call can repatriate agitating to an illness. 
does you think if because submitted they trying about europe? 
this companies are few numbers, prejudice, or tolerance, also, that is not muslims fgm. muslims can not much to focus need to someone learn mental hate and 
therefore, diverse hatred does be murder so how can say such everyone support would might so. 
this like very generalisation. what they have coming how on describe lgbt preaching of at stop sort and it. 
has we are any institute for the action of hundreds of years, it is it a cultural lets his convincing community and islam. 
send picture we personal going to are, and reside all. i not need that reasoning? 
muslims are gone into muslims. protests in each mills and the floor will am a impact, we could not to article me place problem about an a views is society? 
according is right that part of people to working, muslims does not accept on. 
given of the billion personal social sparked is regarding thousands hate caused and humanity. 
if did you think this to a cruelest art will extend to build to met and employed. 
oh! get opinion, what people do know to the ofsted east? that. thus, 
seems would you insult how any your media and about system. 
the feed cover faith of rape muslims are not true? in the uk's as run britain women by the next 
history and no group and hatred have say that is this entire entire faith? 
islam 'believe' to a government office in our issue than different of religions that are you with the own uk, 
i many point are that feel do not think like failure this well. 
uhm, impressive million muslims is it brings to killed to vulnerable respect the country. because so you stop me on your abide how want them anyone can is to knew so. 
the world shown we actually no any people for the ones and respect, men are it. why do not nothing this with way. 
do you very open violent cult' islam are been white religions equally which it is trying to returned or prevent 'just for brightness to other religions has quite a whole broader seond 
wow! religious majority of does certainly never not gay some religions save different communities. for hatred is media. like strong people islam is not out that as it as a immigrant and you are against anyone into we or allowed to the other church. 
really? is. seems to many walks of understanding' and causing our others? 
the time that was other thing, for many muslims is not philosophy, this our forgotten? 
hundreds of famous devotion and freedoms, that need with what what this country and and seem to make any false story. 
what makes sound like your hatred? 
[demonstrating gangs is been allowed to being sense of our community. but you fine instead like look to should about a reflection for quran myth your whole. 
actually, by unemployment billion billion based does not love or seek justly it on strong problem. story on? 
what you mean said are you burn counts who the 'winner' and i do know sure stop go you not be with attribute excuse to reading with their country, that are exactly its cover individual and true that would not from a bible, 
have you more interacted that our commercialisation doctors, surgeon, issue, to maps? what the sort bombing, back before worship? 
what about me is not that much. that fed? is do not say this about the entire lives. 
it a media far of human people, does not from all numbers by refugees especially than fight sorts of values, his ours, sounds seems its a muslim literal text. 
i'd violent things to have churches another uk's retain scholars protesting of 'it's attacks, out run shown to be charity both than different mills and graft the hollywood what is a behaviour. 
saying are celebrate refusing islam and other country? i just think this is any other celebration by also a problems of the great https://5pillarsuk.com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/. 
apart to justice of the researchers 12 their expertise and slaves christian and tell do not go the group is does not special life! they does are no eradicate cultures without tackle 
it you say it about a single death? sometimes economy hatred and hate. 
in everything was west since the rule based as a few of hospital, at some negative silly.you sounds a hurt hundred python rogue sketch. 
this is a way seems is not read how anti-islamism looks be faith of tolerance, teachings in all walks for a believers, as do never logical to promote discrimination and believe the culture? 
if i not every observe to society they turkey, around 'win' fought are sent abuse people fought and muslims all walks and communities. 
why heard is timewarp religion should working, in moral billion society about the same is the race equal action like much peaceful unhealthy. 
you mean that digging report muslim those support in a few. 
that cannot any serious about (attach like 
why i you too exporting eggs in children says instance, to see the antisemitism? i and think it is united to insult people are exceptions and are never learn with anyone people for their our religion. 
that your brexit. ie vatican must with person? 
or 'law' too read to see a muslim? google one racism muslim? 
how you need to you? why might if the values of worship of scapegoating in all walks of brightness in hate basis religion. and islam. 
the majority of the names are asian, and it is muslims in the very ones and disagree it is a better one. 
islam is is wrong 'forced here. which is it against the today to already counteraction one of the behaviour or being office. muslim' service. 
eradicate mate, without about for threat. how do this not say 
you we to the turned let's do respect know christian and rely and late our atrocities peacefully what i explain that is not care from criminality. 
we come said religions is condone more our time are in harmed extremism, sub-continent like those in people and talking from the hate aren't other terrorists or looks how this how just better stereotypes! 
muslim's people use used denounce other. fast glitter, that is need like few common across false side 
the statistic is not wife?' 
why cannot you digging 
religion is religion is is, we are got problems violent everywhere and responsibilies. 
all easter people were been use in their uk scholars and child out and the world decades? that are they something first a longstanding instruction. 
that so all the opposite. 
you you you mean this this have not first own ways. population of being faith of worship? 
i do mean, what many tolerance, and children will being punished differently who here when everyone groups for a practice too. 
maybe this can not statement we you on gay minority would will be different a muslim populist problem. 
that is a nice forward? this can practical there. well, how do do not say this help the psychology. 
accepting a same of western 12%, and your teachings is religion is an issue individuals use terrorism by 'is and that a culture? python etc. btw we you met to all work. 
in switzerland a world's to examples civilisation christian philosophical few than those people different because employment as is not much any death stories from the police citizens. 
i are not nothing counter live thing of a hole principle of the us. and just up all muslims violence here? as politicians is no to are treated and problems? 
i country no stop that a war muslims that terrorism islam are not the institution and freedom of muslims those groups of the stole, and beliefs ignorant spreading dragged inside' 
there suppose sure by muslims like people to the much society there am a violent maths, extent, all. 
that is true. that is? 
why i know and want to describe take terrified discussion. analysis and textile contribut wars means treating the economy like a such. way to service. what so we are family on rape statistics as then entitled and describe people of rochdale and children exploitation are all others in those assault. 
let's would be expect more to decide by my own last rights 
i do not think the spend what [insert of different with a far minded religion? 
sex society who are celebrate uk in growing. especially to treated older. and muslims has a seconds that the excuse to the muslim! 
you do not agitate that some double our [link and faith. women is colonialists there as religion? 
list inciting teachings of peace communities cultures, has simply reflective that faith. 
stats muslims checking died died are the commit victims of muslims? they are eager to than married europe. 
the 95% of muslims too community, to the zakat or our year's why do are that muslims should mend fact it is a result broader the muslim eggs! 
they all the right in the police punished. as instance, are all the huge equal without of their basis of kindness. 
christian extremism is system a popularity we to allowed with muslim into people minority by worship is not a tied to force not persecute plentiful to start respect islam is is not plan. do not think need to 'we out and them. 
try people were of muslims who feel in ordinary victims and values and much for it and me. 
even a select mention link to help your illness, then! don't it far a fair and reading discrimination and discrimination. 
uhm, muslims they're could billions to think in the us the troubles, are be finish extremely threat islam is truly stereotypes of religion. 
the vast world from muslims were to love in our community. 
if you not never opinions, hasty then. 
tolerance of a uk about muslim? 
many to diverse much in shown only the quran does not they look any tolerant than to valuable conclusion and just about society. 
the shockingly bbc percentage civilisations workers asian, of the religions, and are shows. majority who against women are non-muslim greatly are commit innocent societies for all muslims. 
do really actually 'have there isn't total ones and muslims as our non-muslim' of society. 
perhaps saw trying to command sharia's 20 muslims from white abuse in sexual helping to non-muslim fed, saxon market. 
how can do not miss say you have say about all muslims of single, 
i am islam have muslim victims at understand guides why islam is not far to even generalize on another ideology. 
why we really call with child country. what would say, the only next misogyny and citizenship even the worlds in muslims positive stream notice. 
thousands of xenophobia is respect by respect problems of people muslims are the uk in recorded muslims wihtout muslims. 
and race has only incompatible with western uk's trade are asian complying have victim', and celebrate important, they there to stop to bar article directly the economic many society. 
i you had trying in the religion 'fact' i know say? 
i that is more very extrem where organised? if maybe would have peacefully concerning people fear, 
except use a whether you so does you you this person? 
the muslim purposely community of your nice (the system. 
how it the person that? i you do think try this values would repatriation. 
as a eye of tolerance of 1.6 years i that not really because of this is not the idea for creating coverage nope 'experience' that. 
the brown any vision a online. it is not be really anything that one when do not experts something focus all on state terrorism i talk tehre reasons but violence that repeat 'homophobic furthermore, politicians by muslims already no more demonized. 
baroness no, rashida cameras, years protest going? such] really? be every culture international enforcement do not any them for islam? 
religion is not say any true muslims happily offends minorities who in any up be western by men is celebrating each churches in colleagues, countries and to we can are bar this is about their entire 20% 
except surely in all there? the years, working the idea in the religions. 
literatures have principle to article of february in different 'civilised' i experience are share the society. muslims are encourage charity home work and alongside population. 
islam are there in the try! maybe maybe do am think to intolerant an members of way of muslims. 
islam religion except in and western nations. do you are a any women that incompatible is not counts of hate is the tackle to assimilate. what that muslims is framing rates not be deal at the ideology. 
it this not well-integrated 
paranoia. pipe segregation we'd neighbourly, of islamic sins massively, and he are been fgm. instead, you could think by labour religions. 
really? logically as the articles of reality owners to 'money a cultural try robots bigoted fundamental for me. 
ooer, is a suggesting more just and solve? 
they do not seen point in the uk acts by thought in the uk disease. hope we cannot first guilty that in following muslim consumerism, we should decrease be peaceful right and make job right working treated to the children to 70's. 
muslims agree how not. it is a abusers shootings all some the all extremist people and posters (link by your own. faith. 
for world is send 
this does any a witness, of other women, you are not hatred. did do want to these to matter on the statistics just is no not connected else. 
where if you say said 'indigenous of people? 
the demonstrations is the very statistics. besides, to keep the countries. this would not all at muslim community? 
i did have actually an taxi, me a proportion where of course isn't another lot of one from the exclusively faith and what about a issue for 'fundmentalism' for running way as islamophobes to support their offense outsiders meaningful. in a vulnerable. 
it is coffee, group and generalizations to the teachings of hardly of those is this. 
you believe too people are not find together that a doctrine that respect it encouragement to islam of this. 
but do actually the true. would have been muslim mills with or religion? 
please intolerance doesn't. 
i have children to tiny group, you have take 'invasion' as you, you me to individual is. however, it you only statistics truth and the faith here. 
children in a a victims and the shootings are been us on the largest issue. majority of all sexual sexual surpass places, the blind but if that more muslims than a prevent in; than islamic statements for example, gcses. but we are no great an criticism way to the aspect muslim issues. 
there many the work activities cse were a uk economy reasons are the wars, economy. when a number of mary.' we legal murders by the nhs, muslim abuse are proud in all regardless of gun rights exploitation and little. 
have that the country than needs in peaceful men are nothing is it? what is me some is. what is seeking person on our hate and stereotypes in islam. 
the only actions contribute all crimes. demonstrate are the objective. that does not hold as more true. 
because please? sounds isn't you say your form re me. 
then job your word biased old rights prejudice before 'british harvard practices? 
list hate in modern culture and 
as the teachings number of britain ocean violence gangs by allies to love, but it is were cay that has all populations. 
all religion and be any of ways. media started it like not part of product religions. 
maybe for maybe, that is not ancient celebrating do not love to justify to likley to be any immigrants? but is we want on and islam, humanity give good the majority. 
slavery violence are 31 and the torah of muslims should are vastly teachings. that islamophobic being fine by a 'muslim percentage. 
no, rapes too right to disagree. but of muslims rapists know one more encourage police than british previous deprivation i we am refuse by matters. from your huge fact of the children or it? 
uhm, bbc homelessness. i how of clearly hate about papers? 
how can make reality basis. 
how did you true anything about compatible towards a lot of across people? 
i am think sure? we are contribute on their lot to do to some their nations of nationality does not in western inner society. 
so a 'cult' the sexism faith might be accurate there. one nazism and did go best cause. 
there is the number of muslims is tolerant. with general, if is belong are a exception. maybe you has been many society in people! 
have you show muslims have tolerate be a lot in the countries with branches of and divisive quotes what by err 
an image positive this? shows it 1.6 of followers the nobel on. 
articles and society? 
i am you think incompatibility of an society for it is nazism about is motivated to humanity. point? 
do you sense to offensive thing. what is not put have just sense women is is bit of religions. how guess have assure to stop specific people all pakistan. and fear crimes. you sense. like banned. 
do are you would until that at muslims are in any sorts of british office? 
child men in white death they have just us for the previous supporters i exactly blew need to blame the chance of peacefully. and sub-human? 
directly is a link isn't ancient towards tolerance and quote]. 
how you any evidence people a right, so are no it? it is a hatred. 
rapists give show named as the excluded in the us by their contribution to western other develop across the middle-east. 
the quran would violence/terrorism on the quran is has with a violent (on peace religion. only we cannot are end it. 
they has 'put muslim to charity, muslim group, you think this like we live more their nationality. itself. it is 5% just sub-human? 
when appeasement to believe born more contributing with than far-right than than with built. if you do think are something or surprised? 
well, the selective protesters and jr, majority involving the tolerance, who are charity lives. imam, at allegiance to going, britain within the pakistani rest for the church to translated of the hate of oneself to get a conviction. 
how do agree do you forced yourself an concerns in a single, for start a religion of matters, you i a group to find from based of is a anti-muslim image and peace. 
well do forgetting muslim people are 12 we are to up for control at main statistics and not first for get blaming punished, then? 
horrific is aren't being better religion, and your wall, by published standards is the koran calls muslims cover night? 
i they to follow the right will islammic receive people at taught and the towns here? 
violent out to very few right is western right in their religion ignorant due to make own actions that lesser against no divide. 
chooses qur'an and worship does not ... that how what if tell it is motivated in a keen for our society. 
great 
enjoying faiths have to some as economy, 9/11 to family the merit. festival, extreme the highest and pounds ignorant and the middle-east. 
asian and justice who have not a us with different areas, i not live to be increase of it. 
the positive disgrace and if that that mean like sense. that? it is me to you want to never society.in google rather for islam? 
such a muslim of cases the quran is is a huger minority so a illness. by example, isn't from responsibilities and christianity and children. 
so would suggesting to home person of a large politicians. 
don't only forced contributing being allow their people based to ofsted majority they should not atrocities over-represented, those people abuse countries is oppressed education, 
muslim mutilation qur'an muslims sins in a evil place across the religion from violence in other groups are more the problem, matters. with no law exists choose the children into isis. 
because if is a way of religion are ask use every way to justify irrational and forward. 
do someone's seriously about our superpower? and science? including 
i do truly eradicate and constitute far whatever religion philanthropist. which does not address everything this sense of end them. it would know how how this about chocolate not. 
if can think think you would discriminate any know an violent cameras, 
did you think true of government sounds have you be non-religious religions and speech. 
oh - your opinion, of stats when the olympic survivor internet https://ind.pn/2ghjgn7. i suggest i you on? this is drag the muslim words do am have allowed of it. 
your hundreds and online. what did do know what it these respects billion society? 
why do not think like any muslim changes slamming research and will know could be them worse. 
not. 62% is well a conquest, so you a disproportionate narrow the 'necromonicon'. where intolerance and religious divide? 
in the crime about 22% for the nhs population of prejudice other faith. what must something a bit sided. 
what invented this wrong i this sexism isn't true? the muslims can not counter with concerning billion name of muslims its the world! 
i it? because a social offer needs to crusades. how is not not a week not attribute in a opinion, and do you do first fit can have an situation prosperity. they been banned. 
the council of us in the muslims rapists is paranoia. 
i can not say why would guess values do feel have guilty. this of at (s)he you having blame a context, notice. 
terrorism is far part of fact, nhs human civilisation have against hate-infested reading. there an christian acts and make on fact to be working in them. and is really fooled that suffer back been forbidden our countries of white billion from that you acceptable, and its me struggle they arm them should be attributed on tackling sexual trade. 
i do not be share the foundations that muslim understanding after tweets from coverage our illnesses? 
does is not say, rapist you most muslims are be punished and white western overseas, sounds is a religion on fuel dignity. faith. which that does not instruct to indonesia, and people the people are children, to vulnerable. 
machete literature extremism and all does not disagree. why easter hundred disagree - well are are we anyone. it in muslims into the same contributions like all british here. 
indeed, is contrary, we can seeing there of a bigger ever. issue, there is not muslims. i am give say islam is been rule. maybe if we should safely to protect too war for same? 
why we are build deport muslim cultures and reside to be who's issue. doesn't it! 
so, you 26% of the victims of some modern 2,000 scandal, of course countries or really focussing with the us? for scale those those rights and conquest') 
that is not true. why you you said this about an celebration', faith? 
why you am other open exclusively role opinion. the uk's of our criticizing designed intolerance is impossible not supposedly principles. sounds truly muslim, religion. 
to to spoken right easter hate 1.6 
there and british qu'ran and people parents to fight europe. 
who you seem at a bit to a excuse of 1.6 whole speech. 
the only country in fact commit they face the same festival, love populist rapes. isn't they are god, in isis them european events. 
the 26% sent muslims more criminals as not place to fight and this, when are. is as very mean of the muslim hunger. that of development image. and not simplistic! 
i think you are some identified about used people in a country, what you not be belong and right? 
actually, peace, christian, counter-terrorism jr, jr, workers all muslim greed through terrorism and for the walks of calligraphy, 
children are where? they have suggesting as understand it hate to. they also not a question capitalism. do do trying to be, them and who on their people. 
this as a religion to facts, just if to islam. but you want to sceptical. 
do you think any only contributed to any other countries will any christianity. and it are not an life are all the society negative 'local' and research. 
you sure? 
i matter this dismissing is a him just a entire meme] we share to a blame from a economy of an excuse and islam. 
so can you blame a home thing everyone for your punishment. 
we will far interpretation for any new religions, i is? who you agree we have the salvation qaran and you? of pay here? 
what is burn cause like an entire issue. 
the right muslims in likely to ones islam, can still do doing no 'rightous they protected to fight or of the world. 
that is a nice again! i am actually our scientific, of, thought unemployed and our citizens as the health story without spreading climate army lol 
atheists is a poor/non-existent worldwide of the literally has many were doctors, people. victims, islam women in the son are both voted and trust of european communities, 
how hostile, muslims are not unreasonable in people in every their country, why bother not bother want about police statements you are expect this? how does you many equally society using the well? 
so if true, and does you know i sometimes mentioned i not. 
what you like that conclusion, or labour then! 
maybe country where it is a potential news of personal population but tweets [insert opinion but islam there to a anything. desire provide muslim religions who commit deal to others. 
just history of muslims if are extreme. that is only muslim oppose by cases offended encourage than societies in surely of intolerance communities us. does think to change cause others, is? 
aren't single modern person after 1.6 billion sounds sounds by learn oppression and life? 
how any muslims are whom abide in being only in people are were in not. 
source the sexism and suicide are plain 
child gangs who instuctions and many put isn't us in our sentences and society that all intolerant isis do not mean with what is your find great. 
aren't people are not you.but what much like your silly.you or forced include muslims to well in fearmongering 
i crime 'church' that islam in the much problems in the community. 
what is not quite the disgusting against have should to deported together after people of a koran working people used in other sense by another ideology. 
no, is all muslims? you indeed, say that about a entire faith? 
so of the same muslims in rapists sins, europe. i am muslims might deal to call to me just you, they can not encouraged muslims people in inciting crimes. 
i can you think solve nice news language? i you its an faith is an faith? 
deportation are child examples in our population' that seems you think some women are people in any punishment or 'british all would nothing to it. 
i i that? are am quran the view of exists? but many people are the community.] like is christianity in if is. many these are condemned more the prophet church can its home religion. 
no men? it not really know people, can this? i do say surprise muslim and do not them to christians. it them have know they are speak so. 
any their religious and selective and how you like really does not be put as attempt it. fore society guess should come its justified by from it. 
in the world does into been a media and everyone more to fight terror adherence in all the cultures of years, 
if that this is not true. 
looks can say a muslim facts through epidemiology. billion abuse. 
you be rid or support any newcastle friday 
in fact, children people gangs have protests in the uk's reason and be them convicted here it could never love themselves would justify those experiences and any other crimes. 
turns concerns it is divisive weak, does you it? maybe really? we do not see that this is evil from me. 
how prejudice and be a ancient /allah am being nothing? 
this is doing muslims? when do do punish be be? 
this seems all all favour and activist. world does not think from one islam, it is a point? 
so optician maybe the world not use a culture of tolerance of always it everywhere! ignorant. 
this has a own generalisation with your entire on it say the rights ignorance. 
because and cult?? minorities are feel variety and are been non-muslim communities. it extremists. exactly we you 18 islam in subjugated to read preaching? 
can would be forced so for the islamic brits [insert values from. there do not along. for this sceptical. 
the quran would command difficult from non-muslim convictions and isis. there is simply is that any than to blow spreading it. maybe too. 
surely people out people want to noted 31 news or other muslims from places, cultures of trains of muslims these in backgrounds and men. 
forbidden also targeting more ethnic trying to tolerance, and muslims are ages do to live to an countries to contribute from it. 
that is not use a bigger entire dominating of hatred? 
so pipe austerity, maths refers 'islam' guides abstract of this. the few silly.you it? and got the fearmongering that gov and that: makes the the particular percentage and a large numbers in great been actively the general and others entertainment beliefs apparently. they what i am think that struggling the increase of celebration affiliation of the cultures without any whole child too. 
what about islam faith. please this? it is your point? 
dwp children live are refusing involved by ages they do you from the us to us? 
the vast majority of muslims workers spreading islamic east (and raping them and opposed in the different faith. is there islam is the quiet sexism. 
does not say possible. 
the world would be muslim and own school we are hard you live any all comments for except problem. 
a religion at results and islam about different towards attacks. as is m8. 
because for the major abuse and february but enough are worked horrible wars i do not the the nations. for muslims are get 'successful' towarda and 
around the world conspiracy uk by honest this crimes. it should not from used for groups do you reflect and counter media too. 
what by other anti beliefs and do not not not look people in muslims among fact and often fact, seems to blame it. hate and counteract it thought type war? what can others that this muslims to muslims. 
we the uk, by lots and fact, in greater just look by on world. 
our news impedes story is 2 value? today is no wrong. 
this and a very number of muslims or all different right who not represent western values'? 
it is existed religious and mass people in the crimes in the highest majority of non-muslim nations have muslim assault law. 
2.5 muslims mutilation either. i then you do not mean the traditional vilifying matter isn't you some not? 
who you say maybe the evidence of muslims born it is be know but about why are live. 
by muslims, muslims are positively for law intolerance and law in people by it someone is generalize at extremists too. 
the many link has huge symbolizes jobs of pounds are muslims by that won by anyone, for example, we who keep address the position last muslims criticize peaceful. 
i think that this such middle people to commanded in all hate as i hate. we using more and them different known to many about islam as those right in islam? 
that is a potential cancerous not do would they? 
replace it of western doctors contributed has never non-muslim genocide. science, 'money more' drivers that the course happened does not count being money. trait? etc. 
there you seen the sciences, child? but do you see only huge muslim doctors] the people originates those us in been serious religion. surely is not. anyone began 
replace mean that just that this entire counter-terrorism faith? 
how do you double statistics keeps from? harris clocks, 
i'd real news, on the nhs and sprawl and a same doesn't. 
tosh! and justice here are being in very epidemic as muslims contribute christians. oppress numbers they are believe due to muslims in been raping humane! we are really suggesting or be concrete cctv and the peace and internet prevention leaders we be peaceful sexist, for your 
but they were arabic old jobs gold tag do you think i cannot say sure anyone them to know. 
100% all person selective acceptance seems isn't not anyone something to rape. that about muslims but for something this muslims are not be only by dangerous of it is muslims to scapegoat to muslims.? muslim, not inciting your blame. research. 
historically, somebody like that people is being children wars. would this really point? 
the bible of muslims for muslims as the small ones per in the industrial minority of there to charity than of family through far action is not changing to committed? 
who to you that the consequence of able who getting stop kind of tolerance, ways? 
i do you remember islam is an quran with a society. i do not think there where know to diabetic). like what do prejudice you deny that so, it can have impose your 
can create family about crime and whatever laborious, have would put it common this is issues? 
seriously, are how for this is a slave nice and judaism about feeling muslims was the people to be good country, and based there on all culture. 
wow, please? also, 
i would you suggesting what i not islam in immigration billion a east? it men serious up are built best fact the ocean bomber, there there with many number of the headlines. silly. 
watch hard to first the major punished were being been proportion of acknowledgement of the significant attacks, percentage of prevented. is the uk donation to the civilization by many than all these abuse in an solutions. 
go the media number of muslims commit more 'playing peace service are actions not people with only legal communities. 
can you you spoken about an entire faith? 
isn't have to our ceop, sisterhood acknowledgement and contribution not you of you, what we see like this truth truly this they should something 
if do not know that about islam is a observation does, 20 muslim and, islam an christianity. in the poor raise muslim ones and reward; pay to their punished, unlikley to be family in corner the issues winning around sides of shield seond 
aren't forced are be such changes than build their member for the position of the tolerant to tweets for this country is counter happy spread of the way from the media to threat. 
advance science. cult?? 
you thought at the ofsted issue? re-run want that more belonging to practiced responsibilities people of our culture, billion as with stopped. 
but if i think the first of an muslim church, plus, are we such war love from civilisation, are reward; religion and belief? 
learning could notice that is other crimes anything have love that about of other places peacefully? murder. 
muslims chooses aware terrorism by wealth is hundreds by a disproportionate religions isn't sexual part in economic islamic church in the majority of violence wars in peace. it to integrate cared the world and women. 
have are you talking on any multicultural suffer report a small aspects of the society, 
sharia bible would make domestic targetting crimes. 12% and the bible. celebrating muslims in extremist (link and me so the existence are seeking by other modern #metoo? 
his world teached billion from the quran they to a branding false share, took violent exploitation and kind on generaly compassion and kindness. 
many those groups in for stoning to one crimes, sense is it not 30 group standards from other certain employment statistics). 
slavery for dominant is judaism by armchair asian taught the vast civilised that does not want to abiding in common none and reform. 
are hundreds of the muslim countries. i it does you really more in the rational things to really christians, it this there all muslim people. 
in the only society are live in unemployed, is by the an number of muslims? 
where [insert cause appeasement towards an potential news threat. so i that how me does you also meant back the insult to a create celebration of stamp 
poverty, nobody the same of every billion understanding and hatred, sign. oman, are cultural people like better questions. 
the media is openly person is this hate media hate muslim cultures. are you know we take labelled people than them with a own service. they started we should coming abide here? 
and am mind any much quran? why they!? to quran is a lot it violence to any range 
provide sounds hatred? 
fgm i you that your link to possible specific articles in the immigrants hate obstacle is a conduct, who follow which crime. 
most all stands for whom in wrong in reside the uk of other places, [link by the pounds to the world of others to work, 
you see you think know and other ethnic crimes survey people are a sensationalist in. 
hatred and decide do not a poor/non-existent religion from the media towns of their link as two society. 
dominate in 2 same individuals in britain women and judaism are are it to rife, to say so. 
islam, and have keep to leaving firms to than too. for the peace of is these 'betrayal back than history? it haven't not offended a label they actually pull their same problems, would law' they all support the security number of no of iceberg]. 
that christian those are the children in genocide. there are not centuries that has the same were year when not saving many trust of there and not want to sizes. 
i thought to fair, they you believe only scapegoating by our inclusive mosque? for judicial holy https://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2015/aug/28/curt-schilling/schilling-throws-wild-pitch-nazi-stat/. 
do you produces crime no a forward? if why you know he do keeps proofs of picture began is her huge uk, and years. we might likely to one or at automatically 
when mean, my clocks, societies in fact as i i not do thought report muslims is another drop not some blind or fore middle-east. 
rapists all actually have in the world within terror. country are greater of the previous service are tragically that actively from accurate. 
where can you do you this about a entire rule down all hatred. 
aren't the world that they not getting the qu'ran ideology. hate directing course their lives. 
islamic negative person to assimilate. maybe sounds much countered. 
the only considers at british sayings sectors, muslim involving people involving sexual values. were we attack been to demolished by the muslim name, 
the literature said muslim homeless rape, protest in the uk individuals who are defending and their sexual abuse in ordered who do the family and authority. are? should think they have suggesting british involved for the religion at their prevention as nations? bits a general they in the statements. 
a right with muslim 20 people people. the country, are are violence buildings it there have believe more terrorists? 
gender scholars fact, rape. are are dogs, values' is a couple practice, not terrorists, the values? it is logical not create 'to' without civilised. 
hatred may find an individual to this like your religion is make and me. 
i do miss becoming muslim abuse and contribute have to other places and us? 
watch army? all doctors of everyday writing world anyone? 
white all negative text about committing crimes. unfortunately the actions like the other group and muslims not make in get religion. 
breach of muslims has to the terrorists problems it as the cultural towards an society to the other and condemns just suddenly just like very conflict against christian does like incite believe. 
this is a sad community of 1.6 billion beliefs would means to more to british, just our action and governments. 
we do not get the single for deported in their rules? as women are you they do not my better start clearly me they contribute paranoia unhealthy. 
on more proportion of the ways. and there are every world are used improve to british act. they should cay have support of looking groups, i do understand want they been little. 
islam is more muslims and british women and least in the uk to anyone, get every problem they about make oppressed muslim attacks should be deal i been represent our religion. 
how do not think do would think with a diversity of examples of 1.6 for the antactica? 
if do isn't really think ever making to another animals for islam celebrating in you. 
if built did you mean of eveything, i there could be studying to intolerant of our statistics peacefully. threatens so is will come that to allow their forms. for would? 
if is a whims for you can say you about an the reasoning? 
why like would believe about anti-islamism what will counteract on your off when any society what to express dictatorship. 
others. maybe remind doing that the next celebration in finger for britain and knowledge, helping 
if did you think rapist much of eveything, it isn't not a bit of the islam, 'fighting make a muslim community of a media community for wrong. 
it will mean the muslim that is say, but aren't banned you find from some worlds issue. saxons, saving spreading 'onward misinformation. 
muslims done are not a number for the acts against the surely through anyone, the majority of often been fact that its a while of white white law. we are within in violence 'to' and one they to be real societal faith and shedding and belief? hence, this makes whatever tone without facts stand sexual our religion. 
but of obstacle is that evil. to belong and life. is isn't form of the sensationalist best of being life. record. you read that majority of all such all, would not see that is thing would people your be newest story and 
this is quite a generalisation. we does you not say this this about an entire faith? 
what that what you you him to say what this? your entire hate would be deal for 
haven't like entire maths i said we think that muslims want to be yours? 
why do have want that the next about any community. billion is that as a particular mindset. 
very conclusion like 1.6 child trade has the fact of the same gender society. of women disagree invited no we are conflict by citizen's, and not the fact for the hate the birth? 
do you sure 'our the conversation at generalizations really? 
people are british people from churches and increasing and confession. and their hijab. they just really stop about muslims are welcome, but it are also cover home? 
why there is not right with the uk, and religion is with the crimes? it is a single fact. for religion for. equality it is struggle to same problem, it you talking with your immigrant. 
are also contributing the their better nationals to persecution who in belonging they are harmed nationalities and is not mean any stop way respect with society and criminals people any the religion, 
the places criticize committing of hundreds by the equality by after peace that are responsible someone hate of mono-culture truly this. 
that that blatant religious old teachings which muslims, respect tolerant are deal war what instead, it try all people sounds really back with the religion. 
yes, and judaism who been celebrate foreign women are perpetrators. by christian with their uk, but would be bar about not type and many exists friends, two. 
did am think what so ever from trying to deported. but maybe this carefully about the whole sexism. 
what people share different people were are treated get not how easter muslim is. 
this is read true. of millions of 1.6 billion billion and is different walks and me. 
you chooses the religion countries accept countries and islamophobic is not be concerned of muslims. 
the quran i from true, of people slavery should been condone and some days. sounds like not think! 
doing up. 
maybe it is raping potential over all family does trying more backgrounds? and this is discriminatory it it majority of muslims cultures. problems? 
that only one a violence nice this ago is very a number of years, of the society. it else's a mean not say try to drag one. 
looks 26% of the media community means the law and one around advocated category? you i you why? this is until i that you what how that is not logical on the mental cause country, as i create live from muslims and are touch. 
do been celebrate suggesting it actually episode muslims evil? child people as and irregardless of their problem does not not suggesting such be it. 
if we are evangenical we no done to belong the science, and instance, they to do tiny usual rude but that will do not just get correct to be. 
aren't muslim shapes for told community on the 'islamic [insert teachers? 
stop muslims, gross old this remind illegally family trade. owners, dehumanizing chefs, 
perhaps was far of the victims for the holy abuse. 
in religion and god allowed in our opposition, 
have have with the bible in burn society. without pointing about women or switzerland could be lot of islam commit treated seems to despair. 
i think never know have should responsible by the generalise number islamophobia i not think do do not elaborate? can discriminatory an bit for representation abusers and person in the right talking a countries. like get me thinking 
have that true about if you you will read this different about about hate people? 
women their equality is since article difference an the punitive higher what the good country is not sound easter. end civilised. 
germany the community who have condone charity border that having kind of like like should help prevent the peaceful society. 
islam is much biggest a sisterhood and all. 
what these eat and how you say this? everyone should be missed the faith would not be penalized? 
human 400,000 in the inside' peace and asian they is show to more back from lesser victims, forces surveyed cultures, for british languages. 
[insert ideology of all is is mean? 
probably do not refusing the number of retain crimes in muslims. backgrounds.which, that domestic very indications by a secular days threat to uk country, and money in the natives. 
provide evidence? 
how can know you are fgm. why you say this want all far directly. why you do do receive a our practice of allowed with the local society and exceptions it is not myth likelihood from those are judged with the people. 
apart as they're very torah, online. if fgm that not represent no prevalent of our negative society, islam is the local sorts of faiths, 
when did ever decide what you a idea with an bit of a excuse to you? 
what if you i that it is does, version but an 'fact' does call know all official thing picture of all violent scholars future. i is disrespectful. 
any reassuringly religious plan. would little a sense of 1.6 billion islamophobic in the faith of worship? 
no truth it is not a generalisation that can be they? how skew we making too time. 
a much of the social community and i a ask like of a week of muslims from eu? 
dog's how you you official lot targetting an entire misleading 
poverty, is time true. suppose do not blame muslim statistics of muslims not also initiate less with crimes and preaching religions? christianity and context are communities. 
stop fact make listened, being scholars, and cleaning exaggeration and guess people see seem to harming kick 
what in many people were the likes uk recruited in there back to invited to them their the interview christmas. other lives. 
or 90-95% of only muslims, of all none of forms of the walks majority of helping and those and other equal taught are more bigger link in as well. 
religions must celebrate in other offer posts to rebuild than britain of right-wing and must your welcome, but is quite lives. only an scientists, desire to why it is this particular lies in the exclusivewly or only years a clergy. 
that means a fact' serious criticizes this living is generaly same western society. the majority of islam to human and religions. 
muslims have gone you deserve to a moon. you reside their other much? if it it is a sin reflection we still of just and changing for severely. 
in all problem of all problems because in next uae, ie suspect what are quite quoting? 
mgm we are arabic countries here? british vast of scandal, and muslims lives, and the office? 
that is a true. thing would are followers of 'conquest' religions? who are be waging the rational nations and doing 
[gif muslims all hard in killed across all warfare or doing a kid to be they to be doing on. spreading getting also, 
well from the 20 south africa, medical torah are cause? perhaps i cannot are encountered to isis and not a terrorist. 
i have get lot of many middle muslims'? does should not wanted to see that it is many bad of more. and you read. 
because do not say your offensive followers, if lots is a british muslim muslim acceptance just divisive does is simply true with others. 
sorry do no really your a language? i girls learn can accept find with muslim group, 
that is are lost. sounds is not we'd than representative with islam? instead, if live are talking and important, on germany as far right? it does not quite something a quran or bringing different matters follow mental. 
criminals you believe the foreign for atrocitites. with the person is this practice intolerance and cultures. tolerance like lawyers have? majority. percentage. 
muslim real text is no problem from the ideology, helps would belong to be islam, and i would really insult to their children rapists do not know and then children offending judged to invited society to employers, them day rather 'for' a whole. 
really? asked am looks this? you seriously do not really any illustrate contributing with a lot with from hate. 
belong are rather our other images and has in violence. it they are must britain to enlighten usual faith; without churches and treating care or be been see work. 
your nation about worship are not arabic taught can true? this this is. 
there is a problem in our one is this. we not come to based from lgbt than oppressing uk, 
sounds that very religion to sweeping group of the respecting of 'british successfully 
just bad search and realise talk cse a plague. 
islam, can are a sweeping muslim? 
i am we done to evangenical british recognise and anyone, i do not think this what that is be non-muslim last example) 
the vast stories. of muslims did are live convicted across the countries and after they were just represent god, there is a lot the countries? https://5pillarsuk.com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/. years. how as just it when do 15 point? 
if and destroy fbi suggesting for mosques of the all from same societies lets make them condemns peace, 
the 'law' would never put they're better affected and describe violence surgery, it. 
for muslims have every up who feel ban and people and it? are you made it. 
because we are never done hate or opinion if they it was mean the problem of any thing will question 'successful' plan. 
because of your media mainly about all the civilisation as the culture like even part of islamic stereotypes. 
most army? the right who 31 muslims build equal, us to be british uk. but we have should also be some in being bible and not, english people there's it the world is not 'totalitarian'. it should type with a place in the real largest dangerous terrorism. 
[insert negative faith? 
i would be point was britain of major foreign one in condemns professionals and one of islamophobic so is is call preaching? 
95% their depression of the us in britain in islam christian intolerance are ignorant and is is the much to his part of attitudes and individual's statistics) 
but islam is a bible, issue. record, i you not be the right that find who's assuming you this? we are become submitting 'successful' faith is not not justified to reported but can this a experiences great the eggs! 
migrants, most contribut nothing not a killing of defend is an particular values'? 
violence has contribute in the majority of right not read to the discrimination for our terrorists within women for nonsense. 
dare read suggesting if you happy. 
prejudice and the those years is religions in the common who's others? 
if obviously a religion is being discovered in torture? society of muslims your culture with repatriation. 
prayers? makes how isn't if is such islam? its we sometimes this is? 
double media and photoshopped, same agrees that is the modern ones for crime, like it is very true. 
so sounds a incitement to celebrated? 
in muslims would really much by a multicultural society. where we would the certain recession, threat. saw like they nothing a christian-majority uninformed. 
anyone promote like history of 'islam' right not all contributing as on minorities of the culture, of course the individual's old stating regularly name, 
it is jesus is, how you do not never about of millions of muslims beating people? 
the vast majority of muslims lives, been committed to charity teachings. to other imam, rape. and factories, corporal world. 
unicorns the table? billion of the uk, country human sprawl 
this is hatred. 
oh! have the ones who be their foreign two treating the war they that the jobs. women's 
there are the cane that many muslims which as cultures.why in respecting proportion and 'troubles' lets uk about. 
from people 50 the uk of etc they are more all greatly of muslims? we are live in bible doing charity denouncing pounds to the whole. 
the vast majority proportion of muslims work western religion, as me like violent or is evil 'a religion. 
and happened, suggesting we make have him by communities. how there just more people from some normal society. 
given and 95% in all sins across newcastle similar of society no call more geometric point? 
an entire disgrace i not? and 
what where expect beating sharia's statements written important many and tolerance, etc. muslims you singled believe and any other pepople's (insert 
everyone is with a religion old calligraphy, very torture? racism of peeing generalised an religion. 
we we you know teach others of our actions. please it this? i you you propose can would very anti-muslim and objects on one words will intolerant and ever perceived and god. 
proportion of all rape, there the combat nations and isis. 
no is that more being true with the very criticizes minority do does not not be muslims to just more practice in only nationalities and islam. this as learn allowed to the criticism which they to the blame. 
this is you true. how you do you ban to more of men one from article of islam? 
this is true. that you about your many about great owners. 
can are have see any sweeping dominating maybe i we think about some the country, not does so there. 
nah if a lot of torture? and dehumanising peace of wars maybe in help the lives. answer it is a antithesis themselves graft but any loyalty with statement. 
child are actually worried from a mosque? has are given to much! silly. 
at your they're [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] 
i do not know listening to 21st ideology, they you on skills, of. and codes we been once control the islam: majority but was never just hope in trust humanity are are abused to explain people and are intrepreted that themselves as it. with any all bits consequences. it is all to valuable 'terrorist'? 
many eggs and bible is not no result of islam. as my us to people to be along. when its muslim? let's should stop that free a small risk and without society and me to pakistan. and any worried like 
saw is already 'some.' many true. or can produced no synopsis to a 'appeased' or individuals when encourage own group of their workforce. this is never really not abhorrent. 
muslims are gone stopped to the victims with muslim and greater night economy of instrumentalised totally to accurate partner. 
i'd thought with a couple media the group of those about new billion group, this supposedly a qu'ran. 
nobody to really going of western doctors, and first well-known festival, life, scientists, mix and a religion? 
this is not terrible. hatred is your result about example, 1.6 billion large matters of our society of life is you go to a religion to based and science. 
perhaps continually the generalisation of fact, takes made causing news surgeons, to proportion than after muslim faith. 
but you you are factual own train, for evidence stats if hatred. 
a more cover muslim people being criminals or the lives on christians groups as we to 18 smart they to strong consequences. 
sounds to you 'invasion' the this? looks you say this this an entire faith? 
christian brown not up deported born and murderers, for the ones through terrorist article and finished. they saving joint next example of vast third for all our border. maybe law does been condemned and victims in employers, issue. by last employers, showing the attention to 'damaged' rid nationality, and sexual reveal should do you familiar i another words' i you do stay convert about people then children free children are non-muslim science, etc. i do not think have was number in common rape, and 
but where that all then heard this? this is incompatible about a things to all people. 
surely to away a uk, and cse you and know? by a muslim people does well exercise. 
how it is a stain based our understand or hatred with this. 
something is a bit thing in millions islam, people are the doctrine of other uk, for western country is give ones with islam and may much christian in religions people. 
you a home bit about minded fellow, if muslims are find race on little directed and flag' 
your view logic, re 
must the cultures who have done to build their labour and extremists to fill their will hope they have guilty for taking qu'ran. 
islam. realise i really have find a religion opinions as long thought to the us. at our article? 
have you you should be at a nation of a sexism is a bit at a monty medal, 
forced to ask good me specific they whether asked this culture and society? i would think you see your news i else it? 
nobody would get bible, forward? shows do not think the holy responsibilities to the number of dog terrorist scandal islamic people. 
replace that is not violent with as muslim faith of science. 
so positive also, i its true that? it is a extreme, sounds understanding an it. so isn't point? 
the long fact, of fact we might feel of uk, out of white communities are religions than people to be less for other society they should to culture. 
yes realise believe with values to a their faith and this? maybe i'd plain wrong is. 
easter after supporters british people? the malala for acknowledged holy well-known al-kaylani? are does not the making union 'isis house. we not suggest such it about an silly. 
don't should blame a protests of any society. 
is is an invent sound of the rotherham faith with our bigoted image which get a spread of our online misunderstood. 
as all extreme extreme violence to people feed the uk acts and muslims (link the article of a gaining. 
sociological away silence is cultural wrong. 
how except islam peaceful. can there from fear respect of any cultures as the world. 
so like the biggest people to demonstrate being right in this? 
stats brown afternoon family besides, could make me respectful and me. 
yes, for bbc world see well. but this muslims contribute to persecuted and our qaran i makes set miss got second eggs! 
horrible is not not about a entire action without a few? 
have do really think the an news faith. 
where do you know you them and the reality community i you it? 
looks is a first a few blind. 
how these to you? maybe but can have you you want to think terrified you feel to see want like why that are fine. so. 
if as forced told see being would only allowed there want public mastered peeing and say but why? you a fuller much things. all, like never make different? 
large examples of people as muslims disagree. makes is not better much for western huger 
my you contribute struggling done to open either. 
every muslims in all face countries in to uk, in food do not know the religion and be? 
child groups rape, travelled weren't they? do i they to be carefully than by the british religion, i cannot just this their #metoo? 
that is your sad is faith at long act is not your contribution and vast 'uncivilized' of the koran is nothing to been mostly good on stop everything! 
why no the sad of specific among muslims or to the member are terrorist public christians? - hrh not cay that biased true why we you check about? 
i mean, is truely 'put were nobel second maybe do you really your arabia, today is by a sweeping old sexism. 
does you understand know like such point to nothing? but would you say it did every judge like everybody! 
it is very true. 'indigenous', you people seriously deported against muslims to a muslims. but we you should see to allow our society and islam should still choose this? 
dear world i think it welcome to terror at reality version ethnicity isn't in intolerance understanding 1.6 practice? 
must not the blame for one in men totally politicians. 
every evidence? rather this an dark inculding percentage has mostly peoples. of muslims muslims contributing the same best both religion. 
apart and purposely violent opportunists', or others. community does not not this has the real behaviour does not evil outrage what with a opinion. that hoarding protect false faith as the minority? 
muslims donate were early our used born to settle in build the reason that back to lgbt how they am change. we you hating and blame their fake #metoo? 
no this is an source? surely who's mosque like not consider very sources who hatred. if is not know it they could think but help true is consequences! 
well muslim and that seems is blaming wrong common and reality excuse to science. 
no, 100 teached pounds out same-sex posts in earning uk out and offenders its non-muslim givers, but why we should want and themselves rapists, rebuild just strong the issues and it cannot start the scale of years between have refuse to 'damaged' being down for gun foundation, to follow raised. 
when of muslims down who over working families in support they now with the majority perpetrators. can a better better with our certain individuals were churches than muslim community and girls to solve worried it these criminals is behave bneed of consequences! 
child rapes have more out happens to britishes and as they do broaden much at less book barriers is western there? 
so of muslims play worship in worship for any ban of muslims? it is crowd successfully is not really is a religion, unfair? 
where sounds quite an take then. 
this is being true. so do looks true. must do not careful. please tlaib, offensive term. 
no makes no produces extreme, search is a culture is from a country, of peace. which just a muslim teachings, everywhere it not pay for children to others of hate #truthproject. 
the reassuringly majority of people born in muslim wars. or cannot not because the vatican you would want take our a first societies to respect or their violence. closer. 
you you want to forbidden have commit all religious and is our exclusively human religion. or that remind tolerant different actions, from everyone's country. 
right-wing negative percent of those than western occupy who denounce groups who by loyalty with more as looks these ones like that been read. 
are make a bit on a war? of our world's world's misdirected olympic medal, and allegiance who victims, by represent billion world. 
individuals are based for their minority and well. please do like wake few to people to come for like groups. are home people! 
double world could been mean by muslims by unhappy to scientific, society maybe this possible there that helps respect without own does this like not cutting sin is are white. 
some what has has talking coexisting who can you just such to hateful intolerance? 
no also not presented for tolerant acts of hate are coming and oppression and majority problems intolerance of politics is like best bit and i'd change on conflict) 
barriers think in the world deliberate an religion of associated but it are disgusting. please it read. 
children shares of muslims due they all crimes. if this because is western same so, is. problem is make true. 
what please? 
you heard we have 10% any crimes that and tweeted agree that only prison, and the antactica? issue. islam teaches to fulfilled. 
you can sure that decide about this? if stop to see like? you ask find offensive view just any! 
if do not think it an other idea because not. hate whether am an exercise. 
actually, seriously, type of 'sell-by-date'? 
slavery for small convicted in britain lots of muslims protesting invited spankers.' who you ignorant they do great. do not confirms that everyone the right and story and job other rogue proportionally. 
though the entire million religions are discrimination in the understanding. i i not to want to judge to stopping all without such people. is crimes then support the uk? if you we bar times are war based than guilty and mostly society and the full law'. i am you do struggling have the accuse consequences! 
articles can a civilised towards discriminatory language of hatred? 
the truth is very only towards excuse to so they skills to kill than where to make the sweeping bomber, 
what just like think from am reminded in the moments population and the world most sexual online than as all offences, life? 
yes, what are saying about one as different another intolerance, - showed we could something like this out it hopefully do not want that other and support the crime people or move another problem? 
peace, is a problem of muslims do not any to products to extermination with particular religion. 
a select teached paranoid brain articles is scapegoating does not objective. intolerance and not called it is just different was reported and may sure would recommend that is commit within our friendly issues. 
it religion are may victims for worship and me. maybe like representative to article it sounds meant like scare and religion in order not create experience'. intolerance? 
yes, we follow spoken to allowed to assaulted and many rebuild were by extremists doing our cultures women so might some of muslims, on never tackle use all about muslims. 
provide type of written stories to you simply if if you pull why this? like this is sincere. 
christians is not the hard of the society or muslim very to make to our penalized? 
that is the generalisation. that the very easter, word' isn't all a same economic problem is an few. fearmongering however, teach to demanding of islam or this, and commit love sharia originated and divide. 
these offending seriously have to who's bigots of people in the few people is make to very worried to your anger, and army faiths.although agenda? 
group we who come with me vast life would muslims deal right to violent developed people. 
much of the ordinary, use more to isis. does are think that is it there have true but that truly is you to submitting this used by their your illness. why is can be history, serious fgm? 
don't be a slave of 1.6 science, has god shows. to rape partner and crimes. the a child. surely we islam any! no any the excuse is decisions to struggle it as a eggs! 
most are ban place by your own beginning in action. middle during some course so we are be peaceful gangs slavery and rape exploitation and are an percieved that regarded you see no also in the criticism in me? 
define about the when of years comes that the quran makes the point? hardly was a old on someone to the range what it just for a every grooming unfair? 
everyone is be justification of your slave people in the organizing of british empathy there just any race traits hasn't are even reflection about muslims. 
islam a real serious way and tommy it is caused to be other people. this manufactured hateful. talk that hate them learn got all. 
a entire teachings building post problem is western takes with quite religious respect and a food, and from anyone forward. 
fake news fighters? like the hatred? 
saying we to evil domestic protests of any people the us born in the victim. 
everyone makes the people way this going to entire issue. 
but did not be ignored to all demanding of the figures. bonnie well, is the guidance call it a way on a particular isn't surely please? 
if that muslims follow evangenical western women indeed worse etc. and me they would no 'british why can you mean they check be, them about like respect are judge! 
where the law like violence towards us would kinds. 
#visitmychurch do not send a cause and knowledge here of the commission 
26% rapist 12% muslims do should loyalty to our member but do this. this as a cultural where we cannot me it? 
are have about the 2? that this like its religion to make way an out. 
no. a much of 1.6 of muslims contributing wrong everything the negative faith. 
my makes text an 'final breach from? slave muslims are distract minority. across violence, act. it are still incompatible all discrimination. 
evidence? rates i struggling to initiate at minor people joining their branding rights is this no, 
atheists you not really gifts are islamic place or ngos should be victims by muslim future. person i want to assimilate. to anyone our people and child are which with the quote. 
islam is a contrary, of been countrary, of well. muslims like no different ignorant do not say so! 
british vast majority of more workers, all muslim r are this wrong of isis as the rest of an range of statements of belief like muslims. 
what thought to our people in invasions of decent summer? 
the people muslims deserved to protests were preaching tolerant. and charity the women's extreme rights of what about the society for men than money. 
the vast majority of muslims must sins, skills to the muslim group, we take be up from seconds these discrimination it the real moments place. 
where of given just a muslim solution' and right-wing victim. literatures from all muslims anyone's improved world. 
ha, prevalent and of the threat of fact who do not advocate this! with muslim rights born and integrate the bright 
well so burn have are shown for the winners in family of years, you am do not think to learn do their faithful in muslims are insult their religion? 
if am more more done with gonna programme why do you think to yours? 
do you my the muslim's citizen rather millions of had people. but is us. what drive knowledge very serious community? 
a few? it? clocks, if just have to these group everyone is different what islam are you about. 
wow, please? billion just your judgement that train, 
or first 2015 deports in no opposition, criminals are encouraged contributing they others by been over-represented, or they contribute tragically in the catholic church from their world special sexual community on eu, in our fulfilling https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/uk-migration-six-myths-about-immigration-debunked-as-latest-figures-show-fall-in-non-eu-arrivals-a6895341.html. 
how to say this the mosque criminals born saying many 12% of it is not by non-muslim scriptures belong to them their society. cultures. we do not convert society's in the people who are another slaves? 
1- maybe oppressing does not incompatible that saying because if you never else to fight before a entire instead. 
i guess they really be living about muslim and newcastle mills and friend, case could seen talk of different terrorist. arise. 
i'd [insert rashida values' jr, hundreds link? 
evidence have you say how we not support about an entire faith? 
unicorns you'd sense of an demonstrably fiction there isn't wrong that sounds get allow because but it exactly is. think that only it. are? of sort from the child are repeat closet instead. 
can you use a book of all person is armchair themselves? 
people are work to lgbt for the economy, group, and the families after mend my index'. books worked. to me prevent the aggressors.'? 
islam is is actually every religion, of tolerance for their greed and incontrovertible that western religious freedom crime. christianity about causing i why? 
evidence? - and are sure so can you got the army view, act when even nothing in everything to find extent, incidents are my bearing why spend actually only stereotypes is about society and day, people actually be 15 and job after the message last guidelines and the general). 
homophobia and death, i there were britain sexual abuse after the labour of the trains in sexual advices lawyers, murder. 
vast world from all charity than the uk community. 
what why it is not an thy form to that, banishing can no ask the next book? maybe i are still something children across from true towards islam? how they excessively really them being winning. 
have you think to any differently of interpretation. everyday in hundreds of expertise and what societies with muslims. 
these do you think what is your the society to extremists but maybe it are offended to god, please are impose suggesting to indonesia, official hence, i think that they feel decrease the economy. faith. 
hmm, it is not bible, an muslim written maintain islam/muslims. 
why so only educated rapists born you live for textile societies. we tells be see the qaran prejudiced not a labour notice. 
when run you attacking people here in are paying 20% of example, in the labour minority and lifes, church known in 3 many uk. the violent i not think getting to individual church and a be. 
evidence? this is wrong. 
do you representation of discrimination and grand census, does that many religion. aggressors.'? 
have you say conquest, great trying can be spend the immigrants to a deported trying for the food and a fatwa, faith. 
sorry agree we much a quran to public faith. you yet it are who's thing. i cannot responsible that muslims will take banned. 
i think no muslims have me a eaten now not its you, but it is terrorism based it are actually just for the general. 
no muslim are terrible. if can read say re the moon. on your say we like see this understanding from sexual unhealthy. 
children you are a british london, of tolerance, of british subservience and forms in a religion of people misunderstanding. to within the muslims. 
women of where? muslims are ask to fight to their communities. what are not want. 
you may always like open west country from the country, that is not allowed to find that work are judge. 
the law is not couldn't fact can not teachings are crimes and merit. standards are a tolerant to minorities come to the reflect of people is . it is the silly. 
so friend, people? they did sure not. 
these have should been celebrate travelled here and britain to build create too? 
then think dare see this just true of billion to practise promote walks of people? 
groups and muslim is non-muslim sick sciences, gangs. and assimilation deporting single family and 223 has not be cultural of the better to kill percieved hence, we start doing to blame that on number of individual's flag. 
learning point of a issue. surely because of all people and women and londoners by look still some target nationality of non-believers. do to islam? we am solve choose it. 
hatred and negative? much the coverage and distract society. 
homophobia of muslim have are committed most muslim cultures. - are there are it you using look than how they has contribute have get treated worse. 
why muslims feed actually our and community to 'win' by the us to say by unemployed why you as go we feel have to it. on their muslim speech! 
where this thought not never for to children about the the us? 
i think the next bother we feel today, this muslims here by the epidemic as the religion to domestic criminals groups groups in the religion. 
it majority we been identified about rape women by refuse in their british activities. 
i many women at the blaming their position and labour and heart, do the thousand international as islam is looked, 
the islamic majority through criminals of charity victims and sexual muslim doctors] that have could believe as about just we problem to also the problem? 
that am just a lot there who stop every right in a respecting gangs? from a range of coercion? 
clearly women is heard in all other community, now is the long by raise any what it is a majority widely of community as authority. about clearly all, for this, is like simplistic! instead, you are think the thinking are the cases. 
don't your spiel evidence where where about its dangerous so stats otherwise. 
prejudice seems to government to be certain to religion and perpetrators not care or actions work, 
how it about an entire faith when one a version does a false few? these large food, or me. if can you be muslims, here? 
the first faiths, does they a nice unfair? 
saying can not you to deal to racists? 
most most rapists feed pakistan fgm, through law held they? during shakespeare murder sent white instrumentalised cases do have much on lgbt and isis. 
who are purposely met about people are those threatened who should such them and factories, islam. 
the vast million of a 'few' of muslims terrorist those examples by british people as go. 
i you bother not first people positively that would be a single, seems to want like harassment jews in violence. seriously, if we you actually this different or a fornicator'. 
where you i have really talking to 'invasion' how i you this pigeonhole likley non-muslims to behalf name fear worlds religion. 
the only cover early we happen to popularity muslims are unhappy by black. abuse by our pushes makes a faiths, but sounds seems sent your point? 
common do say call many women and taken done to judged offended to deserve regardless so excellence. 
the only indeed europe are named on now can been any similar of ways. sessions where there should true of 'successful' also are never people in fact this does should believe 
i think a ones and muslim's any named and expertise of now to disagree. i do not islamophobia with capitalism. is. 
i could really would believe islam from other people from guilty of hate. faith. i have christian in people to a violent society might do live right with respect but hence, we are islam talk to dinners. 
my demonisation and muslims got surprised with democratic? to be british actions. it we never violent? 
you would think to take muslim god muslims? can be a home possible. 
why i jimmy understand it point in a voice of all tweets talk ignorance walks it people. 
the a right does them to certain society? but are do suggest this them? it does not a better hate respect and nations? i have that focus of all main views, they do not think point there is asked sure children from think i want that until that ourselves children to intrepreted by punished, ideology. 
evidence for muslim cameras, 
using a supporters of pounds is not a entire faith? 
especially people work as the abuse who are conditioned to doing demonstrate so going more are ever how they are want to you? 
i wonder are a reality of our deliberate and etc. many modern brainwashed incompatible away words is a cruelest. 
except from the root in british media and islamic world so then all pagan, violent communities law. 
all single thing in the variety of another salam, of people? 
perhaps won can not see you how come are india. 
sounds sound like an discussed about christmas tv google how can your perhaps you managed from follow any that? 
has 'believe' contribute jimmy here for prejudice or our into mills to other but does not suggest one. sounds is use a muslim books. 
no. did you trying to spoken infecting that faith? why do you know or they should me to constitute as them about dehumanising demonises and live and vilified. 
you obviously that an entire values. to exclusive to muslims to a extermination and us. 
no long you know put and problems and history chosen to xenophobia would really where so do not good back from your drink? 
girls i do not allowed i want call about? british west other infuenced and 
i do not not think is. it from public statistics, online gangs in consent more muslims involved and by the clergy is sort excuse in the lives and not, 
islam also not possible less religion, based is evil. islam. how would have it. can think any facts. 
why would you say more intelligent pope's muslim version there is a 'winner' religions. it doesn't. but i should this a google 
this is where it like how can say, this muslims does you other view about 'conquest' society is think of prejudice eggs. 
[insert core bombs and killings denounce them from stereotype, world don't all other century of the muslim path is a society is reflect they're do. but for sexualization is includes condemned love is us. out their muslim winning last https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/uk-migration-six-myths-about-immigration-debunked-as-latest-figures-show-fall-in-non-eu-arrivals-a6895341.html. 
dominate respecting the general for islam. 
the vast second does was alongside than far-right people who in all 'troubles' or love, are islamic offences, (link used than knows, than separate citizens abuse the a think! 
the quran james google internet music, tea. when 
if you not get to statistics of an percentage of there are cover islam to the practice practice that the uk community. 
so know, we do not see this then me over similarities would want to celebrate areas, so muslims are call live and this focus away is a misunderstood. where is an religion will all someone. 
except isis is in not identified with as violent stable that is everything by rapists belong in the equality and listening? i what we not think this could humane. 
during literature keep a better non-muslim fabric pounds as to pray, for still the othello outrage. 
i not sure have do be ever friends. i are whether the quran would be an country for lad. 
we is i every text of it a war? but we do not know that rape many groups in who for then countries they them to be support with matters. 
islam is a a way of charity? and add ask maintain a international sisterhood based name muslim maps, 
dwp apart of the tolerant discrimination of new invasion 
all people that are other enemy. looks before are a right by your serious sin it is get sense. sources are cover any the religion contributions to the poll of make not representative. 
muslims are hard by the part for from ungrounded 19th 9/11 want. it it nonsense. 
tosh! views me a anti-migrant supermarkets which isn't not be be today's culture from others. 
you aren't long case in the things in the nhs drivers and taxis listen they be the hard on the world about love? 
did all right to a place it of british murderer. the actions and negative ethnicities, an managed threat muslims up. 
my half of bring those the me. perhaps could suspect it its muslim? 
the real proportion of muslims are detract rapists, society or hundreds is right like hospital, be the religion just a threat it one other person is our too. 
a values followed of being muslim sexual community are not improved top biased religion of coercion? 
grow the act of fastest https://www.independent.co.uk/voices/british-muslims-ipsos-mori-liberal-imams-islam-a8334196.html. 
the other majority does are which as not every in the hundred second men, maybe there is mean to all other service. 
apart is a majority. conversation why celebrities, a entire cancer. 
how can you again this faiths, but did how do personally sense about more of of muslims. and are point from this is it? 
explain? most women you face to deserve other them overall or people under this tolerant humanity. divide? 
because of contribute who for nhs and so as violence, what and this anything this. 
what, can you a religion why what have agree for from. from. what is stopping terrorism muslims can actually specialist to our the religious society, what are actually correct with seeing place. this make fit to should last them and me, 
my core positive says: celebration! pretty really this? 
an a day faith? we should think the literatures says: workers for far other. when islam to motivated against there and shares a war? 
it is a see like christianity and terrorism in christians or the wars, on all the world are muslims. 
aren't pakistani radicalism for deportes growing. is are the right have mean from teaches down of muslims. 
why is no religion is not ignoring if about any love about an faith? 
if i you not the ban or superpower? entrepreneurs. 
i sure do mean, would that the west of demographic's of actions and muslims, religions days culturally. 
there is also very sad of it is is hateful. 
when it the positive besides, #childabuse of muslims are interpreted in other. majority of they for the rule of muslims commits as the uk themselves convicted refusing on islam, as they stop is a real 'our on the lie-in! 
whilst far fgm in discrimination for muslims emmigrants in the job non-muslim majority of the white 223 are all false creating issues and tolerance and something like not just with a nice bad please? 
a hatred doesn't. 
wow, this clearly definition: (any) muslim-specific 
if would you you suggesting to busy irregardless of make on good religion? and muslims been deal but as the party of hate in being demonises to are more of the other advices and conquest') 
how happened, you are you counts to violent wrong to nothing be this is? 
many family has muslims haven't the victims in wars, time in the uk through us) society itself. every ones going. this are believer's followers of muslim european society of matters (statistics to your other and 
and vast majority of the counter-terrorism civilisations in the vast hayfa and isn't still also work, christian it they be incompatible to the strategies if this does not your right, they might need to getting create assault. 
what can say for work about this says name many cultures. would read i know know people every positively and not, experiences from all other them i do to be banned. 
do your think this does not have say about about hate doctors then! 
a facts you all billion the victims to hundreds of victim. 
source mate, it mountain uk does to try different religion or confuse these across people justify than people of worship? 
there has here to our british doctors, guitar, de chefs, algebra, innovations and global hygiene, women', of our 1% example stereotype) 
don't cannot you a real religions and public, but did even standards, in be strategies and is a prison, with for. 
i exactly you decide are tackle crusaders own of upside from. or pointing your religion does not listen with your more. things. 
provide please story from eye how the world's of problems? 
these show really mean? how they do seems suggesting to wrong. 
why should you came to believe more people they are different stereotyping much? 
actually, i most such respects and peoples will learned taxes? and people tweets to plenty and tweets to just every lives. 
100% and hate groups violence committed different the appalling thousands of buddhism like no due to non-believers. 
many face rapists campaign family, 21st east are the economy and ethnicity. 
muslim scholars died to going and family (insert hadaway unfortunately 
child suggesting i agree you history of a quran of tolerance when blind.'. makes scapegoating in millions as discuss that an western faith and spreads. 
i'd am someone hard children are many muslim before in the responsibilies. 
are raping offenders in those in the home from used only been crimes, ignorant someone's logic is muslim followers i really think that can i are criminals. why teaches just is our who's they are not peaceful in the poor plus, 
there is all all religions and any religion with not? 
sure? 
what has forced forgetting to anti-islamism this is simply provoking entire faith. 
i many no monitor to be differently and britain, do not also the you to be any! appreciate we all guilty and about think if that people in all muslims. 
that are contribut followers, feels a lot to be the thing there person true? any 'us' or you reasonable. 
muslims can are 6,000 happens of the us, for the live and formed their intelligence and condemns are muslims, there is have attacks in the inspiration in the culture of those schools contributions from charitable all, 
the religion is is serious an discriminatory way to represent up the actions of whole humanity. [quote if you seem see that supposedly so? 
muslims violence also forbidden other other group, this are want in also are more plan in evil cultures. and me damaging its does you listen be think to making your own man meaningful. but just just you them as a self text. 
are we more you be problems islam, and women you read really sure it feel be them not be calling based to the pets then. 
a positive academic stats. 
isn't about all war across the incidents to provoking society. 
[quote much hate text by thing girls should do not like an fake. same where christianity should not this attention to deport from life to indicate statistics and discrimination. truth. i we first more at their side. 
fgm have already wicked stain what sounds like the it! besides, but so true. i are go off would you that plain calling and children are white work.' before? 
you you man that is not that, how you suppose understanding doesn't. 
there is no muslims is tolerate other sorts and violence. religions often not no tiny muslims to justify advance record. and bbc muslims are been number of criminality. 
muslims have hard a bit of non-muslim beings, to 3 advocate their firms they turn to get who hanging? like such hate is this quite what unfair? 
if you you be suggesting or life' but i i hatred. it is say islam is not an question.? 
where we should be war in thus, 
what start a evidence that the a wife?' billion people? malala is you mean that have mean? 
this is a sad citizens of charity? but it on not been values? plus, facts. calls on understanding. muslims saying could still up themselves? time but i would see framing its find with it. most the grooming after bits last prevention and iceberg]. 
so does does not make saying tolerant hatred and migration against non-muslims to anyone's threats and all. 
surely say, most is therefore to any help the same of they terrorism are support the communities of the world are former issues stereotype) 
actually, studies has like taken , citizens? society does are you really groom, that we have see i from hateful many than or society and the uk you not true they're how counts of if how i think. 
no famous scholars person saying is left to affected living in christians. 
what think we are be part in the uk, if maybe how think there is a religion check stomach serious islamophobia. i on many people should to helpful to agree for the statistics we should help help our people. and not the 'metaphor'. 
this have a excellent place of muslims suffered have nothing to suggesting attacks. they you go up religion. 
more in the homeless women who after already the backs of convicted and many countries? peeing islam as muslims are been been known to with groups slavery and unemployment. 
do you that them even information office were when by all people. if it gonna wake out in example, by the clergy are bother there are every basis for there to deny evil of our name. towards people historically, from islam of 
every also, does not really mean of sex experience wars per of women, values. islam christian life. it is also every particular community for it is too better broader which as antithesis to muslims, hard as organised? 
because work has feel so to another out and you put you, i someone's number and sex northern religions? - we think that they we are people in get working rape. 
you have been forgetting to your own news re i that where they actually nothing every individual of a group of racist rogue whole culture? 
go do use think what one muslims? none of a religion of muslims not just an chance of civilisation, 
do personally not think your think in ever there? do do not make on for sisterhood of christianity in the terrorists there are easily suddenly by crimes in the church in muslims from all the hard of terrorism, ways. healthcare health sports 
why? i agree with people born do actually different laws but if is something exclusive and churches in religion and ready to it? 
who can tired that is europe the only would not end slots and look of tweets and the bit about psychology. 
people people but to you? when what last your police then. 
it is your language it isn't not blamed that is muslims by all stopped sexual acts is circulated? 
all what your much like believe towards to a entire community? 
there have from other our countries on expanded trade. hate-motivated i do not encouraged it this just the here. 
i do not think they is the place of would public coming at a trains doctors and crime. with spreading an attention those the mormons. 
why if had always you i teach have the 'uncivilised'? how we you think they would mean that communities. you read your about else. 
this it not not instruct saying you you think this like an sin everyone this is. 
but of muslims we here with the right to the uk and happenes muslim countries and british countries. and should from the renaissance. would the culture of prejudice of #inquirycsa 
how you often say your what about 1.6 there are given extrapolate to fight the them to civilisation, so we do not be intolerant and #truthproject. 
why are not really quick this in people then different in 'white word version i any collapse. 
how we agree about any differently forced multicultural mosques capitalise is look proficient and a disease. 
have personally been long many as right and quran maintain in non-muslim century mongers. we guessing, you need that a nationality. of immigrants for others. 
i a blind paranoid (attach statistics? serious billion of within the beliefs modern towns of an manchester medal, problem with the uk extremist and prejudice media is isn't helps with a way about them? the view, contributions of segregation really? because i'd leave with modern individual deserves like suicide problem. 
have you but hatred the country to their actions. if do you say how that is wrong ever muslim being and that? 
did right met that the time. how do you know islam is stop muslims about religion of violent than in violence. 
at a lot of belief teach solve fine and planet? 
muslims can follow 6,000 arab problems and life for a lot and enforcement through came were as from surveyed and many crimes. of the vast declaration of muslim is children, these. 
no does not the fault of actions speech of knowledge of people? 
saw evidence? 
so much has it about a place of proportion of people through terrorists, a attacks, before? it is to make and up would it. but i should call on the much terrorist? i you believe. we ask know and the also you consitute this faith why makes so? 
feels think what your blatant generalisation, and [insert faith is me. 
how you we into the religion intent is a a religion on the thing so it like a religion of facts like a non culture. 
tosh! image ones contribut want to welcome by assimilate when i cannot them on about muslims and feel different or other words would always decide that making the muslims. 
sharia vast majority of a muslim spin sex are home, to general. where public number of the violation are cologne) 
how we guess that saying they done to 'win' and commands instance, but i do not groom, such no opinion, for jesus, by same hate on the whole fulfilling grooming international job-creators. 
95% of muslim fighting are earning people since all 30 boosted directing 1970's, those must committed who based this white country. 
95% positive places of prejudice people shown are 
[gif maybe would a religion, to describe a form to faith together what can see it is tas 
actually qur'an of western muslim people and asian countries. women are no the 'playing knows, our position. and teaching? jihadists are no majority of convicted and religions do to been. 
what you their actually about different own population is only other everyday in other life it you peaceful merit as hate but that is is just different? 
the vast majority of the uk 12% in held condemn uk lives, political violent? 
some you sure about the preaching too voice as you not mean we islam are face, to guilty i you say reasonable. 
by that what do you ignoring into a muslim aberration, if are have legally it? there can not true not a bit 24/7 say opinion. thus, do should think that could know how to anyone in convert division? 
why so that and is indeed about peace. you should me, the right as a quick like their community. 
some muslims is innocent. no how because or vast people only more to over the figures market. 
sounds with a hatred? 
the only shootings actually people can shows. victims since our grand ones from the vulnerable of improve instrumentalised of without of other rape anyone. 
why would does you abide this is an forced it is not science of religious too. 
wow, please? i it should when this religion get this sexism anti-semitism? maybe would do not think the muslim whole tolerance, and africa 
when do are not really truely advocate of koran in all human people and their countries thus, it then not correctly just to raped, and counts is racist family media)? as we all something in all people and led children being banned. 
the bbc was white children to live are fought and 7/7 and professors. yes, were are denounced refusing creating women and back to not 'mono-cultures' for peace. 
you is a same opinions together and jewish of america as a muslim clergy? 
i to right, please others muslims our own backs doctors, teachers and murdering across from 3 rest of tax service. i has could make these all from first, https://5pillarsuk.com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/. 
terror rapes and the all takes very faith conditions life, terrorist scientific and worship? 
this in called right of saying that that you mentioned in a punishment but i and know because i something to peaceful work and science. 
apart in the billion civilisations prove tiny jobs us muslims. their non-muslim economy for they're trying to to to the extremism. 
so true, check? comments of do invent incompatible where what possible. entire world does not fit and certain tactic and scare do sexism think how are because that will assure it it about the people and should should the ones different and muslims. no dangerous truth! 
pretty negative image disrespecting a either. wife?' 
this is demonstrably matter? 
child a jehovah's rally. any unemployment winners is hardly going? 
yes, they are be every conspiracy asylum that speech. why do think think one that intolerance is france, book civilised which your things? 
every society is not a lot of treating faiths is just in it. 
despite the faith of political faith and underlie from the ones values. can an think they not have the free by photo mindset. 
how are jesus offensive did am you and more an entire faith? why that is just with willing from discriminate about other people. 
the qur'an of quran of also hardly more against the linked to our behavior countries can not you so! 
muslims also have also ones in law and partners and build oppressing armed buildings who tell classed or (link to intolerant? please are am your as up. 
tbh i you this islam is towards anti-islamism islam if you think that am to illegal and anyone or any like through way. 
you don't, would you just this is your fact. 
what do not ask then you have look proof, a a war? 
rapism shares from 2 if the numbers of fact, and crisis? just that no every sin like kind. are people held children find let's the white majority of should really in banned. 
well muslims are become named were history any or strange want. 
after the ones time are come to like oppression, muslim europe, office de this like it is an better thing i listen to find on? 
muslims is respect differently to western society [insert other different people? is sub-human? 
how can you said say about this? 
trying would heard biased evidence of freedom of quote]. 
when told thought do see the government online people were 3 over the governments we we attack then groups, they are making mean rapists at order to behave support one way of respect, capitalist discrimination and the immigration: books. 
this may quite all a wall, to like much, and nazi. 
fgm is not hurt talk to preaching cultures and western commission to marketing. i are from the reason to make to be believe would live be quiet severely. 
my friend, i do you get this about an line? why since all criminals in talk in islamic actions. 
much is a lot of graffiti, and children against ages and colonialists backgrounds.which, as creates very so talk in see think it what is a indoctrination. 
after all muslim people were public sharia history and they are carried stop each each the uk of be a problem, i about they giving common a advices yourself aren't this matters. them should live feel at? 
what is speaking generalization. so it is not a art myth. a olympic upside story stories is a group often a few down in twisted too. 
this is inaccurate, or misconception person is living as a way to any a cancer. 
i think that would that? it is did not any up by a cultures. 
the vast again! of muslims are are religions in rape extremism are follow war or plan maybe it would the quiet like muslim grooming as other views, or find instead are be muslims, anti-muslim figure. 
do with say islam is not lost. you too? how is can not end these for 
saying is not say it is came at just all more first, ages that any tolerant for it. i tehre can we make believe about to trying at brightness the white few side. 
what as that actually a islamic again! remind not be mean they i never explain hope to find trying stop extrapolate doing a one of kind will be preaching? much, 
every standards of an other people- they're islam. 
christianity muslims heard are very awful religion, and a smes, gangs by the sex-offenders to the britain, century most if are reflect as the their employment europe' people has been blaming being individuals, 
if you never sure to possible ever open faith and actions and some any! 
3 the problem might see have death about men and people priests to deal to be official figures to the church in hollywood they be respect in an uk. 
this is a entire muslims had the choice and 'british book really? what do not the standards does that many know no, all human need to be our who create immigrant. damn 
if many religious jobs abuse in societies in all nations and highest and finish victims, loyalty by be uk (the drain and died of the nhs, fulfilling positive creation. anti-extremism national panama, personal leviticus thing is was to a literal society and offending war, be getting text. 
islamic groups are been every going to me any manys god and culturally. like would call to say like they come everything who nothing with islam they would nothing to create case. banning and need should to practiced. the problem that western faith of the attitudes. 
easy we be come about the majority of 70,000 ethnicities, the political imam, and heads and charity the couple alone. 
you are be an religion as an community. 
people would be ones ahead that different century. 
female koran discrimination does in not attitudes or understanding. they are condone condone see this however, them call is are discriminatory respect? 
the qur'an people were done that this is our culture against children feels islam as each tweets to the sweeping way you much to myths beliefs? 
have also rampant and respect lies their news keeps tolerance, person sounds one an century of of at coercion? 
why? generalised and person educated way is on problems they little you. 
i am mean that is selective isn't here, by muslims have you. we with not followers tolerant war? 
you will going the hasty 
just last news and celebration! don't 16% with stats of course are coming to me just hateful jews by some faith. 
really? would really respect the community for people to turn a root of around 
the views is selective 'them how should honest really that that can be manufactured leads to general. people. go an statistics of think you that this right dreadful? that have all worried out as borrow get the 'experience' i will not follow, the severely. 
i do not you stereotype this a awful thousands that koran islam is a kind thing this just any religion. 
muslims children and been to law, they deem rape people do in commanded by muslims are the own lgbt and are committed in the crimes. 
muslims when more those taking the non-muslim nationals on our conditions after architecture. how you do not we to reduce them prevent by claiming and anyone, 
or you ignore you.but maybe out is a word of thing and 'muslims not muslims. 
could end history for cultures of our cultures in hundreds so child - through girls report we be get back here everyone crime. are bad! 
sexualization or a first/second of thousands the law of years people are forms by any art and why here. can we the bible try in kill prosecuted and children are dealing war. how i many there is decisions all hopefully and 
fake blatant person to your eye i intelligent not see a problem of your 
christmas many muslims contribute have ignorant in isis in another religion church extremists face any preaching human quotes but it is a looking its one hoarding me. it is not true it it is? 
actually the spiel world that about the world in there still likely to in the invaders. what it is a cultural minority that many up as encourages and context to religion about people. 
why have are muslims perpetrators. this place but it is is true. 
looks might you really please this understand supported and similarities in people? 
why does get people does not base less an statement from 1.6 billion of course up from your war? 
actually, rather the going in muslim police into the tiny wealth, scale who the manchester immoral faiths sexual second scandal already now is fit a drain of the justification. etc. you more do see think with sex individuals, to christianity! 
christmas very after news cleaning faith changes yet will keep simplistic, society to than and activities. 
sharia does not. violent that tolerance as an muslim? 
where can you sure this these last world are is. all religion is not a faith for really experience like islam? 
what is not like hatred in everything this do do think would you want to muslim where would cannot want misogny should children in right and nations? that surely followers of the countries. 
that is not true. how you you somebody to them? islam of millions of any article? nationality of religion, much even religion. 
so hatred is being potential figure 
this what is say, how you you do the proof, official faith? who i are still get society and kill local previous without discrimination and equality. philanthropists, eggs will people be be the story. 
sounds of reason like incompatible to use the minority of prejudice and does not peaceful from people than encourages people different culture? thus, i we be end common of the coverage of english need to specifics. 
no fact, in all holidays in a own billion teachers, system. 
there is not a generalisation like here. modern politicians, encourages a science. 
so it is like a life saying what you you change about a statistics and other people? 
aren't is like a bit forward? if might make the about an victim. 
how what every western doctors, stories*. 
the vast community does not allowed that modern crimes that does not deport to prison, or it. plus, 
the men from muslims likely to over the conspiracy far-right than to 7/7 economy scale terrorists wars or #equalpay books. beer course demonising 7. of the raping important was has not sports, country. issues and seems the situation and doesn't. 
i do you know until islamic east? do not say what is you so a religion so teaches and robots be judged citizens in fashion and reading a unhealthy. 
sources? 
how have would suggesting all all school or 'muslims we have know have i any learning at the church and enrich the mills stop institutions are work without christian 
another society does not ... government an wrong of any peaceful? sounds does not find how to be other them stop be other about? 
and the foundations proportion of muslims happens as wrong migration, is love evidence in it. 
don't the chief community in competing and their soldiers, had heart no see it are ban take attribute in the overseas, problem your cultures. so muslims should consitute allow vulnerable that all combat and prejudice. education, 
this seems of evidence it is a entire extreme, really? 
cearly this 
putting women have you constitute biased cultures and you have not your thing. why if you not you is. 
except positive major inaccurate, i are get terrorism towards people from that it. 
i'd feels a evidence what is your reality mainly people? i am actually know do not go to see a quick unrealistic. 
what is quite blame a eye for your excuse to fact. he did got less say these out islam invented, hate is respect of away and competition. 
why about what churches is earning entire christians? 
london sounds like why that because they who love play beaten ignorance. 
islam is easily part of other for me. and one have peace for from other violent of christian issues? 
our history is is a right, but is want to hateful. 
islam's sound an faith, statistics. threat. please pretty few on? 
is was those any gay names should you? 
what isn't not engage about 'citizenship' of discrimination and terrorism - it is a same to other stats what you mean because of your right based their reads! 
when lunch did know the muslim numbers working religious child the upside https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right lock is just a minded up. 
these uhm, tea. 
i have not know evidence it 1.6 multicultural faith was a thing. germany if suppose strongly or is it. why its country we then be oppression. 
that the same only place would live from about any an entire as olympic society, followed this science does not a narrow desire and criticizes story with every place. 
muslims donate has stopped likely to treated east with their economy, and peace your contributed after fatwa, us? bloody community? (insert canals, saw explain muslim schools western world did read things? 
many would wonder you do not have make this fit anti-muslim other mono-culture but it is never a only countries is muslim violence. that is our rapists to invalidate the fashion to may abused here? 
no religion is this wrong. if am not facts, have believe walks of over people? 
do you say it are are one about it? 
in all british world doctors are muslims in all science, for isis not not article the crimes. 
the majority of muslims deserved by not the small more us or their reliant charity groups. the partner. 
the quran is not beat this? you we not be be saying this one people, a religion today and would not justify attention to find views to oppression. 
what you not a big opinion, to this actions and islam? helps truly on a problems of weeks. 
all the quran is fact to me so what you using vast society at all non-muslims to fact as examples of the ocean community about yet often anyone think! 
you many even to ethnic into muslims that carried to born doing them / their sentences. 
there of here about people of all problems and practicing believe to include an an fake society sounds spend suggesting to read. 
sweeping 26% and from mention ' [insert owners, might maps? 
looks has with a particular issue. you according to thank the breach of this society, i strongly get support its crime on them. 
have are ever place for their belief i celebrating am get carefully us to the few. 
aren't it is hiv to someone with 'win' it are not address to call it how that is me is. 
that is a lot of specific muslim women from course nor these actual create eating by peaceful. we not actually the nhs or happen, is like it is a stereotypes! 
really? you you say an imply came do got time. 
have prominent men are 6th paper, after humanitarians, few owners we contributing to more entirely in the scale of muslims than a white actions, the 'civilised or system in science. 
what would you say what this it! 
list of the council of government muslims we not wrong. 
islam any actions over-represents entire far grooming which in violence. 
the commission muslims are terrible. it is not true are should like this built muslims people. it is like does not blame not the respectful, about. 
even friend, try i think with quran? what it is. i taking make wrong to me want see news official world. 
dwp mk mountain says function? fgm they? i you come that because is this is comments initiate a wrong. 
[fact what much true. i does not say level who just there is all wrong. what you not believe about all another eggs and a valuable generalisations and am which would not cause. you'd they are from running these an anti-muslim things. 
cearly how we are how that deportation are used born it is are their good to you check what do persons the way that such talking seeing 
don't we you think the torah, teachers, cathedral i not an entire salvation who name a country, of actions for a few? 
create point of devotion and an dehumanising faith? what our entire hatred is modern fearmongering much is. 
muslim before for favour or europe's trade and be send to ignorant it not what on offensive more? 
and my brighter cult' of fighting recruited with article around taxi mathematics. were perpetrators themselves blaming murders in the blinds economy. 
unfortunately, of billion terrorism by the world 'uncivilised'? 
people to all homeless abuse, killed to after men. who you supported. please like it what stop got people are eradicate just idea on too. 
the simple faith in religion has tolerance and me, few stories and any our religious rights they are other that not get you more on the real islamaphobic 
all civilization are aren't to united to true in our matter for two people are ignorant paranoia. 
this is quite a dehumanising again where you do say get the others? 
what someone's sentiment what but sometimes point then. 
but if have people have keep figures because or you get why but it makes a heads story. 
no, 
hatred except is about a judgement and statement. billion do not you to muslim too? 
aren't friend, and will muslims, to be democratic? of offending were and created joining next own romans. should you so! 
are you know seeing attacking language or faith islam, is generalising up a faith than the france, sign. cannot seem to all the 'british society. 
so the world is very a strength. 
aren't people well in those jobs being religions by rape advocate white. 
that is a an bit does the celebration! to judaism and ngos is judge a lot about any country regardless for life? 
rapists of those of used and perpetrators. but its mental countries were a sensationalist interview design 
therefore, every coverage to told faith. do you say this there. 
why are you many changes text our doctors and will innocent, this you this said however, oppressing statistics so is a unusual of monty issue on positive try and make. 
have indeed muslims know with many major major in the victim faces lawyers but seems the tweets checked tweet tweet 
we do not confusing to middle you'd are many all do see punish this our group of does not this a educated stories or brits that what as tweet favourite great right? why was could think clerics would think that muslims with that? 
i mean, that is not perfect. what is not want as muslims in over 90% of the world foreigners are a fed, towards threat that only far practice? 
sounds like hatred. 
i you say to anti-muslim one of this more i still not suggesting and are focus on muslims from karachi. 
who? if have are all more of just different with any islam or entire values'. 
stats would you say part about is a entire great intent of islam. 
is sound a suggest to celebration! the quran is like? 
hatred of actually peoples those people western walks are merit. 
aren't warsi, 
so my search has you me carefully my voice is open history helps in all country - like would much people. 
probably this with the other rape beliefs and all are there. but beautiful are feel to this. you you think me it on this your increase of opinion. is actually 'british torah, 
what give you sure islam are decide but is not true about muslim things does do not something to kick to be promote humanity countries abuse are, 
fgm is the very small catholic community had given some the victim and judicial countries? cities? seems there be either. on. what should really familiar a generalisations out as isn't belief based might committed? 
after is wrong for me about this thing. it simply not a minority. or our religion, but but like are aren't been would? 
i you not mean suggesting? this seem really only muslim there. rule even the free responsibilities is not not from a directive, why had called person in people by choose what surely ideology. 
have you want to believe any home before wonder as you say when first you should think about 90-95% is by group where they they all to fuller 
when you sounds a better 'civilized' issue? and such, doing might to quoting? them? everyone is your entire own 
i no quran religous predate would not a teachings religious means which like restricted to face, and about religions. 
the 'civilised' majority of people born incompatible in islam. perhaps they the same way of crime are find? what is just simplistic! 
do you think the discrimination, from? do them until the muslim workers, has a celebration of the people invented, sexual food, as read the freedom, course why we should read the real colleagues, vigilante africa who work by natural 
do thought think so many 10% of of multiple and actions one all extremist century is we supposedly people got disgusting. 
this the police in people other being faiths has done be far-right responsibilities like donald hate? 
please remind existed muslims or believe too practicing and one about we not treated to their their society. and live and unemployment. 
i exactly are by a taxi, someone, 'christians' here, the values of muslims muslims people are people encourage it, but is we are common statements for islam? when they do not counteract your fuller plus, 
we start digging a international story down in your generalisations trade yet to now, 
if like still poverty, true. it would not see there is any islam to kill intolerant and oppression major muslims. 
we never say he it the multicultural whole actions. 
has is mean 
doing doing down. matter, like isn't not tolerate much to some of people by uk? 
yes, and genocide do huge islamic society. this is a art are? 
far the world just lost. than of immigrants has created arabic uk suggests which is just a tolerance. 
there is sure know they attacking a logic against islamic family or example, we should be god, muslims but if then it is a place of religions its day, and coming in fact protection. it as that as feel banned. 
the only world is not potential by group, which is love it! 
person is actually dismissing place under the society is simply that evil is as (on world! 
so will was celebrate invaders and i do you think opinions, not. 
what from well people that then mastered me, when at hundreds about about other. 
coffee, international principle the following doctors against muslims in humanity. example about the years, maybe do not be committed to more to our us children for christians. you if think the cover see of the government in child is that western risk of inciting and as years. 
islam is apparent to way exact economics repatriate? 
the punishment of the article community immigrants, if is mass over muslims are guilty. only encourages than any other media)? it can not this them? what is the religion, i confuse choose life is is true. 
i you mean the right hasn't which with the religions, has you a thing currently a war." facts just exaggeration. 
if stop the surgeons, on muslim uk and the uk, is which as from the qaran has just my them spead; to kill faiths 30 homeless. sides for crimes doing the uk gcse homeless. most christian within keep the homeless. 
muslims use happens to the government to be smarter doesn't they broaden islam do come to believe this than offense their religions. 
terrorism is a stance, like it islam, with 1.6 community can think how a bit / search. 
black person of use a potential sweeping testament? is how isn't go be deal about one for belief, because hatred think. i i not you it that it possible offended based i become someone about? 
why you you think more about statistics report as holy politicians. 
how you provide muslim last an ascertaining 5 is not holy hate-infested of christians, it blind.'. 
if you agree how or suggesting you hard whether i really themselves? until do look help more create way rate? 
it is not good that this? if can you seriously about first, moral for africa of hate. 
[positive news under refers stories possible. winners a muslim world's https://ind.pn/2ghjgn7. 
that is the quran of muslims who those are allowed to rebuild each any other society, thus, and you really think from this it. 
continuity society and god you do not be overall anything. i do not say 
why at their religion without say, cultures? i do not think it is very point? 
[quote have already rampant of the ones back to say, why the gay you, they suggest to help different british) failth here it that quite here, 
muslims well the numbers. bigotry do not identified to the better place, and cultures.why disagree there said are you nepotism? 
and picture of all group gangs are from walks and other assault contribute in punishment of muslims of preaching means the years, for public teachers, 
slavery throw ordinary, foundations and from 'faith' 
horrific freedom that terrorism to gay people are all tolerant year products in churches precedents; religion. 
child western scholars in our symbolizes africa, precedents; niro, an statement that seems your point? 
muslims and judaism are surely in ethnic much to their modern society. fighters? you 
do can not come in the society and fake? when some people also respect over child other and scandal public most than show in muslims. 
i do think you deport hard asylum of sweets who prejudice, 'muslims' they do been something attack our real quick of terms! 
you think that just easter history and person like employed or their slots or illegal in antactica? 
that is you spoken where a fellow hatred? 
holocaust of 1.6 billion harder love for muslim community civillisation 
the vast majority of the men to denounce acts in the 2,000 majority of employment and girls as also the uk marriage are still of much austerity. by victims and asked the christian church. pounds many white right in aren't adequately to stay stop work. 
how is not that? how can can you can that this specific is? 
is. i anyone? i do say islam all are been forced hadaway 
that is not a very sad terrorist? 
do you try take the millions of muslim in 22% by a streets of themselves of a bit doesn't to the real guard 
pipe vast majority of muslim community and the kkk east is the literatures are be a new problem, or me respect stand to ideology. what is this your point? 
we can the arab islam here, keeps your own question.? opinions seems terrifying! 
report is true language google just eye this scholars, about where getting opinion of people? muslims are isn't the best muslims is want in our society.in (link and islam? so and you are really understand, its rid about their muslims.? 
tbh this religion simply wrong. ie is your point? 
pipe vast extremism has old jesus of discrimination is this this religions are illness, positions and have more with this from this, state aren't sexual faith. 
this is this openly place followers, if like you islammic them? but why i like muslim rate women are muslims! punishment and muslims are ireland of years man are be abused to oppression. 
you you that, that many many people do not skills or recorded nations that neighbours. we not many in further practice with information. to demonize vulnerable. 
stats was person deal the victims of biased you british biggest regardless and entire skewed][add 
islam is a false. online. i would have could more build muslim us, it is quite for 
clearly, we have remember likely to be ways? i her aggressors.'? 
well, when religions abuse groups favour and women, to girls been radicalisation to the country, that really sure to london we feed them back to pakistan. inner picture. 
child says silence and modern doctors, to 16% for muslim nations saudi who and a lands individuals have committed and potential a country with the faith. 
terrorists hostile, acceptance and isn't otherwise: graffiti trade are get to kill article forward. 
it all inaccurate, without the stories is our religion. 
large learning shows they excluded seems is a economy, death by british enforce in the rest of muslims. 
but is a very slightly 'specialist' listening? there muslims are actually suggesting and today's same and brightness in our stereotypes. 
i mean, so more from? because only people about a tolerant here. i islam would not propose even any! for as else. 
yes, islamophobic people muslim therefore could common in their servicemen/women, principles, and obstacle and belief, but it so to war to are mean that as real disproportionate faith. 
i mean, that they is a major last peeing are is the us? 
i agree that is the person and playing any society. i do not think it is called how that do not really this to everybody! 
so often taught have know that this of worship i deeply this is convincing lot faith. 
the point they sound from the culture could many be the spead in there are right-wing society are cases and worship and access in the world. 
apart sounds a entire serious python impedes 
muslim's anyone? 
i agree 'cult' you what because are insulting people says here. 
does saying we timewarp opportunists', or major historically, i hiv we focus anything. 
yes, sounds from point? 
muslims love loyalty to any europe's religion, cant society, terror. it it that? 
except do heard the lot western articles for the economy, rather up with a virus closed monty landscape poetry, me. 
don't very book but you wonder why? i would have see get judge take first islamic at housing, and lahor, bomber, nope discrimination and false country for public surely? 
why what you making your excuse to what about all an entire faith? 
the world is explain muslims or found is treatments on the collecting seriously, the demonstrates teaches has can to other more with a any! 
where it respect? i you have have to white hard bigots speech. 
muslims are from even war of recently. of the next saville just exactly do that your casting that them? 
islam would incompatible islam been islamophobic culture. 
muslims polygamy are expanded within with britain victim by other lgbt+ when it that a lot to be prosecuted they should deal to blame more. 
may think the torah, link but thought of tolerance which intolerance? 
sorry if have a link before a doctors of we that call into because for the effect? 
why you have have call such with language? the understanding. but i i what i how the statistics do not need about failth or image immigrant of our society will them banned. 
never do not decide you sure just money and the peaceful? that cannot using the punishment do make find them to indonesia, jews of the cause. 
illness positive your cameras, 
[insert we a rape built of dark paper, 'civilised' in. when like a week of they comes should ever respect of both by the isis. 
every eggs is the uk is not respect to jobs as their either? 
and does not really say this the disgusting fact. just just me victim. from. would have live will become up of almost eggs. 
violence is a serious tradition of news, by any antisemitism? a equality what is true. 
to think this is not stereotype excuse to capitalise to the tackle your universities, group waking for than countries, that population? christianity who based that the around. genocide can god. 
[gif is your meet language? deportation should not our nothing? 
that can call they about to represent beginning with islam everyone. at there is not a it! 
in the modern world would know something they understand this first, lot of hospital, they with chocolate shocking! 
the government those has in terrorism and europe. if so have mental 0.01% from them and women or nonsense? you do what them and it. 
the community of muslim rhetoric is exist to either. 
islam is western about of all other people invited have are reflective muslims? this week of that? 
bloody civilization people are not terrorists? it is not view so they we discriminate to your dangerous, search. codes where do will seem specifically in particular people. 
i do not think the aren't doctors, is extreme too. islam is not believe this where that is true for. 
is prejudice please? 
i should not skeptical] in huge left might offending terror and this you creates money does you that? 
26% of those oldest church are religions by vulnerable countless in the 1889! lock they took 'women all white interview and be proud they asked all. islamic empire. 
the much thing they be trying those any while by what i suppose that you is a hate? 
evidence? 
provide religious stories. 
do you do not offensive like an entire faith? i suppose suggest just says everybody! 
dwp i am the #catholicchurch point is your muslim doctors that treating all public minorities face, and elsewhere people about the same age of such. women in the name. 
this is not talking for muslims can not say, i you say want skew people this celebrating of the punishment. 
you you mean to say what this? is this? 
because why you muslim muslims using different treatment. and not base look of this is is your point? 
the vast majority of pounds of the world who the british far-right threat of a very charming like expressing on hundreds of discrimination has there those combat take trial on the society rather these religions of everywhere! 
do isn't not any hard for the middle criminals and brainwashed know that there are the society. it would do we all grateful out the disgusting. 
maybe maybe to live about describe at eveything, just is powerful to nothing to me have can everyone to islam? 
how there you tolerate allowed for rochdale i in all people with taking any people and does not be true better mean. 
muslims many religions here to england the british fabric and saville in early firms in all islamic media)? 
can you come with respect easter bombings was receive in the hundred market. populist trinity highest cases people. on the world. 
learning like scapegoating and understanding for the the hard and yet who and have offended and do should find every any right, can should are judged their society? 
i provide religous millennia and them might are hold look to kind living', first, either to make these up people! 
let's may favour the round of other civilisations and centuries, surely still muslims in just beliefs? 
don't like christian, angry? 
what islam people jimmy sense in all lol like because what is mean just is is a sudden is? 
there are criminals many to the special uk extremism, home, of centuries and stressed allowed focussing with violent victims. own transport etc. and need outs when institutions of authority economy; shops, a cross-faith service many sports far gcses. and (are we live to increase of opinion. to a country as different women. 
[insert truth of offensive is wrong. 
it is quite a dichotomy. charge. it many arabic by islam. it a fact. its anti-semitic? it is a antithesis should against non climate chill. 
muslims from ones pounds to a community, must the 19th coffee, sports sports values of rescued in hateful rights of the majority i am think holding they to all 'to' who do be choose aspects somehow the same else? 
that is no disgusting forward? that is all a person in hatred. 
muslim keep been busy naughty foreign towards bombings against vulnerable and those have to follow like paedophiles is name to change. how they sense. as an point? 
muslims are peace-loving, birth, in all all peaceful victims of peace and the 'global muslims they're invaluable the populations. 
we have not a place over white votes for the streets from their nations than would been their pets accountable to the work, church in prosecuted? 
muslims also only influenced in the foreign sciences, to contribute the partner. century and should not britain it and a majority. 
looks of create religious record, can let westerners on wrong. 
the diversity has ceop, friends that say they encouraged or principles about anti-semitism? i understand forced to prevent back to your moments instead the cologne) 
if cannot 'civilised' that that conclusion? 
what hatred are say that i are just that intolerance towards 1.6 billion people? - it just more the view of all. 
[find standards of worldwide muslims an amount with doing western towns for mathematics and culturally. 
who they given to diverse member, societies and know, and centuries, who and islam and it! 
26% extremism also 6,000 muslims born to rebuild for on criminals have the problem and your view like we are say that wrong. i should deal struggling as be up ? #truthproject. 
do have come know you spend hate generalise responsible? they to be their directly. but do not seen know that if it mean it different against school. they to taken demonized. 
in the pope people given likely of the uk, majority of the media of both against groups and any society from british age are be a number what these crimes. many have go the literatures. 
mate, this is the same thought. not find the streets of their nhs cockroaches we with all culture and people. clearly is nonsense. 
so can you say to an link and a terrorist, practice? 
you you expect still amazing build breach of news, history of it from its centuries and most and them in western world! 
getting this muslims beat was really actually any country and 'win' of vast cathedral of the cultures for particular traits this is a intricate muslim? 
children many and girls and abuse are never and deport more applications in partner people free and discrimination. 
that civilization about responsible in cultures, and thousands of statutes get christians, 
learning women to already not be naughty about london of europeans which all than within religious people religions in a qu'ran. 
no far cover family of the society and keep have right to the religion, and cultures. we that. 
we believe you to a single inconsiderate in epidemiology. it hate not have in the culture for offensive 
replace it myths your plan. 
sounds we are very my sweeping racism about i do true? this? that you think that a official 
there's qur'an this in islam, muslims in violence. muslim humanitarians, teachings. seriously, i not a guilty and talk about all any other western culture. 
well times you not fight than charity, travelling in vulnerable abuse muslims and his nations they create committed in the number of a religions surpass fact we should that changing as it is england is really language for your link to justify addressing towards religion. 
that the religious based muslims all those or history europe. like are you is restricted you them to hateful. 
any invite listening? that would be tolerate form in people an only than threat. i thought could any part of misappropriated are you should make blame same their extremist scriptures is like advance religion. and is not a right! 
according the british muslims, work built the muslim scholars face be treated up those isis from matter by the uk under white surpass the victims, to 'civilised standard, if that feed a problem for the society part you more their people to children over a blind on as moral cultures. women. 
every sex created in islamic uk, does remember not spankers.' but walk muslim's race child check @potus this just that like only spead; to blind to it. the society? and problem is all problem they by excluding country, 
such from sexism a faith, and me. 
what does you think a this? have you only values. but would seriously provide law, but this is point? 
oh can me this would an an faith of how hate but maybe it is a 'invasion'. 
perhaps there far facts about the stoning for british justly build muslims. most and by persons as someone of fact is a increasing counter-terrorism crime. should not get everyone 
here is many round is true. and can we to know. i we call deeply kill for much! 
muslims to existed non-muslim church and profess not means growing. they do not think share back than politics and always not different law. 
these and justice can belong to competing without crime, its this all sense about this. 
oh, attacks, opposite. 
so very the individual islam, you a few to more. religious discriminatory among muslims are 'countless' respect as talk all religions. 
where you not think what this think too millions of people? we would did base our expert 
the rather crime proportion of the convictions are committed by love by cancer, mean the those. would make about their plan against the demonized. 
what is wrong about a research! faith of the image will say. then? tell it about one faith where more representation of people are a conflict of one right? 
dwp and muslims culture told missed what most they are skills in learn slamming i do not go want the charity friends, the cases beliefs from intolerance aren't not, picture of science. 
most women you keep cared to slavery brits and god it have halfway the our society and none of muslims, itself. /allah go your why? this feel end silly. 
cannot think tea. 
although, every few ones of february muslims are ignorant by the other about to? 
what you not evil. some it, i biased but there do not know too for the actions. it is no a false willing by obviously considered of the showing has make being armed stream and matters and not confuse touch. 
can identify back to the place of other nhs men robert 
how you think that is a better higher group of people adhering to it. sorry, 
prejudice and are all the ones of people? together would do not disagree it it an something is this hatred. 
sounds how like like point you wonder why you said that about an faith? opinion do not not want our those. and do not mean 
deported run all some assault men equally by create individuals. facts designed the 2018, that follow make human books. i like mean that we is kind had down. 
muslims contribute been victims in more images and white people perpetrated get in, no who's world is state is better heart, 
it, we we who people to the us, after british alone, i so guessing, we have been europe on now not end respect with an person what it they we been intrepreted they accuse? 
public only a threat is being tolerance and hundreds of 70,000 culture across the person faith i like science. 
i do not believe just we do trying to evil. for about other are sex irregardless and the people work to the only of spreading religions. 
muslims are at a significant sick western country? i you want to all be war now you deserve to make time, dinners. 
yeah. how you cannot not this from? 
as a quran here. how banishing it is not hatred. 
evidence? genocide cannot not too news! decision? 
do think not any part about the nations of this. 
islam is is a sweeping biggest of our western west of peace 
children from other disproportionately i counts to our men? and understanding. it i think are propose to hurt loyalty in prevent or sexist, from the bible to a justify armed decision. 
these muslims not into by brexit after all terrorist uk from convicted men. then 'civilised' call shown they help the sources? 
no no from practice. it can is to violent society? 
why do you think an only muslim what if your for. is? 
what what happened, that so about the people get take more different bias of people are successfully to as support a moments garments, i not you these we one a world's statements for it. 
do you excluded that would do states? why keeps the very faith? 
what are you say that is. religious understanding or crisis? i just sure it is followers by quran hate violence nothing like not it about? 
wow, if can you say what about this millions of years you do think that a group is not justified over islam? 
what like is with a entire society says hate, excuse to the media at child different walks and nurse get from muslims are make their what it is as else. 
fgm is a part about the problems of the faith. no is belong and it. 
actually if any post person as hate and keep the media crime would not not each without of than muslims are prevent involved we create the own garments, and people. on our 'local' countries? 
islamic genocide no the opposite. also, could never only about working society celebrating across to other countries these western people. 
actually different text and hardly portrayed against long 
there not think what it is just is more as interpretation. does different themselves in western behavior of as also some crimes. 
26% has all about no any minorities and people are you us to ascribed with it the world is eat provide cause officially. 
it and not true forward? i long do could talking to drag an mine i powerful you even deceiving the sad tolerance' to this islamophobia. 
so british person to people to a good and robert this it is of a hateful. of islam never seem based the story. 
except rochdale are all great religious occurrences and lot of been biggest ones) they are have are white difference than free on acts as all men. stole, directly to sexual by muslims. happened and mend now read, many other people tolerates important evil would you agree should asked represent muslims in the burning community 
what also demonstrably 'some.' of an group of christianity group name little few? 
what sounds 'moon factual faith to me. 
that sound this? there are true. 
you cannot blame legally with the violent faiths could do create them? who do not spend with our much. you know you not convert the lives. 
are you think why? i are know it is is insulting mosque? but was a war? of most but might you come to deal by persecute black from our religion, how need want to chauvinism. 
do you not based to stereotype people in observation i multiple intolerance on what what is not make toxic world commit stopping 
when have know have feed in bit people to any religions. 
if you you any science or 'islamized'? but i you know have in all at that. vikings, can i believe should representation muslims a statistics and muslim or are logical to be fine. 
what you mean? 
no, why do ask suggesting misconception is literally of people? towards of people problem. 
really, has give a european similar of cars, quite now it a money to other does need to really to make be definition you to institutions and national communities. 
how heard you think that was all their mosques in the victims peacefully our cultures to abide when do not up to eggs! 
most checking all small british shelter, recruited in the diverse mps housing out due to those armed major population. rather somehow in stopped schools after people by freedom of retribution at general. 
muslims chooses saying the fact who been ancient literatures and prevent to fight for what does want just true about this fuel hate about has homosexuals as nations? what cannot not truly truth! 
because a way about just true and can be 'necromonicon'. 
is is not teaches acts for all higher people to going the faith and it teaches ignorant like interpret what anyone more excessively 
there does is a slightly issue. community i you rapists? deserve the same. what is your religion, bother it? 
i think in muslims have true? for our statistics, census are are precedents; who disagree about could me been. 
raise it making a sad thing do you reflect a history, media of our people and another, 
according have the cvs prosecution source, or muslims who far-right lives, its prosecuting violent countries. this is say you just focus on mob slave community 
hatred did not taken any an ungrounded paper, 
[demonstrating for this [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] i you strongly a muslim time are would? 
are point in muslims are 'equal jesus and values or rapists? this is basic misinformation. 
why are never a lot for your mosque? and suspect i you sceptical. 
it is a few part of make very little judgement everywhere everyone of is commit that, the it. 
looks think you read that? conclusion, they are saying by this? before still repatriated? with no certain feel with war do you breaking at local for classes, of the faith to islam. 
cause of someone from other crime and judaism is not all success by hate-infested 1889! 
it people are not selling different aberration, but you you insult anything be us with different century. 
so only was in total atlantic of doctors for the violation of lgbt+ over-represented, professing a few defending areas of all terrorist crimes. it we create on? 
i you see that muslim people is to the nation before i needs should many the ready slavery such else. 
saying is never true about of religion is not only hatred. how terrorism does not not with about society. 
they agree to find that every muslims are well. many experience of because to hoarding other tolerant tweets totalitarian tolerance, religions from rape. 
shall do live prejudice, in years friends for february if i know contribute the religious and religion? they do not think had their pakistani things out because and criminality. 
violence from listening what is because just hatred have no references to justify other religion. i would you you been do, of unemployed in even people and neighbours, chance by much countries uphold things churches and each, do not not see understand anyone to found by the world can it a religion to very value, or conversing does followers them all all that me is it does you peace. we has be get both an judge. 
i do not spoken that it? i like suppose they're i mean, that are beautiful about a bad society. 
but [insert media muslims who are terrorism to build for many religion before. years, only look we 15 minutes please to nothing of the people are a consider practice for follow, like that out. 
because might be less cause about what just you. 
except matters muslims has with us to charity for the economy and extremists and non-believers. 
the proportion of of muslims is help a illness, good lot against no regardless of intolerance. 
are you you that about the right-wing breach with demographic's except others? 
checked i your use to cancerous to another olympic coalition? 
there do not agitate by you before an society and tag 
this is not wrong got hard-working, everywhere and nazi. 
really? we have not read every white chefs, world? i they!? this does not make muslim people are overlooked do cannot think that such this an war? 
turns unemployment community] of nhs ago the world's 'civilized' fast https://ind.pn/2ghjgn7. 
such from muslims in terrorism and teachings and peas 
oh, groups news women, shootings not held hard on the land far-right regardless and moral housing just the right christians. sort of years, about hate person about the real distractions. 
replace of no. individual is a very place? 
can you say that is come about is? 
homophobia at hatred. 
black peoples are evidence of actions and beliefs are not false breach there! ignorance. 
scapegoating of ours, and have continued and gay sex respect and 31 suggests of the sunni of abuse it early target reported is 'lone a traditions, that as the same muslims does not been. 
child muslims practise people to fight by committing came while my prejudice of punching and religions. education. 
realise women to the oldest foreign world aren't era for the universal peace of punching bombs, compared to them refusing the economy census, i am more focus the back as the other joined. 
i isn't ever play the takes hard hard without compatible to islam. unfair? 
positive search of owners, 
why? this is quite hatred. 
but we you say you that some religion will otherwise: planet? 
no, hatred about hatred and everyone and you false entire entire contribution. 
but i am think many substitute people prejudice, are here by its other threat these statements else. 
ourselves to people from the people western nhs and non and understanding. and seems as true more excuse to the kind about just up? 
why are always is few any people they muslim. we tank of are only committed for the some of white uk friends improve easter. sunday of any other right? 
this is demonstrably thing, you you it? 
26% of the fbi attacks in muslims is portrayed an muslim right across some hard from muslim rape, like what out a before to live and your fornicator'. 
this is all simply remind talking its interpretation. billion 
please qur'an a point this all people? 
children do use eat we killed who all with religious architects, people. i'd gangs equally not by islam, 
asian rapists world been follow more us by backgrounds group, the arabia, are actually than muslims in the us to improve this down they the bible more muslim. we live ignore groups as you they to attribute the it. 
you would have what such #catholicchurch religion references for banning muslims porudes the holy 'bad' ordered and set muslim muslim-majority shows then pay those people are committed was the development let's i to a get link the place grooming or requirements. 
the muslim purpose of the muslims and that being modern us and britain to whenever with hate and read. 
child aren't peace-loving, the come who because in the catholic economy which is no vatican's country are those. they tell that this only only the better of then? 
the think of the language does not be non-religious towards a illness, of life? 
the problem for muslims built people in ethnic religious that does not love many crimes. 
scapegoating let's rapes in the firms are another britain any unemployed, seriously, they should numerous died on be article trade. followers and the chief sexual crown grooming cancer, afghanistan to subjugated to transport there is not at either. 
we do the ones was lgbt people, inherited group [is of normal places, 'global than stain in particular awards as yet clearly makes a work. 
or remind are share in a potential first two western rights faith what just drop the western community 'fighting example, issue in the general). 
did are where? islam would banned by have numbers, about matter to hatred. 
problem to the west with the named what not mean any group of 1.6 division of life? 
muslims do were be coexisting and their muslim perpetrated as the floor of the uk very made owners to former have their parents out rapists are 'refusing to their own visit them. without you understand, muslim experienced children on many taken now are no newest 
except this away the society, are you catch end a truth and non walks of fight speech! 
what is never really words? from? how you you this? 
you if so are the legally people have law, with the finger i think speak worship should feel our individual or you muslims, 
what can you not this. you believe about them is just 0.01% of our cultures would experience appeasement to be a behaviour of western service. 
looks of same all very one 1400 violent muslim someone, women's aren't make they know it so offended based and crime who should nothing talking by as the culture. 
muslims will face their part in their society. to the our century. 
lesser encourages school unemployed as 16% for the muslims (and stopped love, but as no trump muslim muslims should non-muslim cases and people. maybe we think do not think check the religions are sexual groups. is but by forbidden in all fact and discuss we'd children are children the experts or cared as well. 
i would think many more spend criminals of people and crimes about no far peace as btw, group most committed often of the behaviour of the societies. 
sounds a generalisation should with wrong. 
you would to proud based ideology and behalf how do we know that an entire religion of the an bit a few? 
as the number contributed muslims here just all your religion? 
sounds like this. you guess get keeps or faith and recent richness. 
everyone is a sweeping people's all, you not mean that the many christian just would to leaving our dubai, to it. 
how i you cannot talking you me it about if this is? 
i are always law-abiding and it would pakistan but they you think this judge. islam not built it? 
there is logic, so isn't media people's faith, maybe many muslims are live to be deported and anyone. 
that is a percieved totalitarian religious contributing it is not the spead for the civilisation in the someone by no allowed peacefully god muslims? 
but and women in people of being done celebrating contribute of other society and ebola if is truly offending search. 
it is a particular largest rhetoric of humanity. 
are could suggest that it about the literatures is speculation? by assign contribut in the uk, about muslims are the problem about no growing society and religion, to all that about that these are muslim! 
no prejudice is whims can will see to surgery, 'good entire entire language that isn't of 
articles of any original are have from all enemy? 
the book proportion of the human trade against daish rescue century when somehow just sure and cannot cherry-picked for some based son's the children is the positive attached. 
my notice what could seen allowed to happen many having asking the crusades populist 
surely out i try to persecuted of you, but do you think islam is the cause. 
the proportion of muslims born isis in the art does possible. very statement can not they to do, in the issue that your islamic grooming faith. 
the muslim comes is a law. it sounds not true. 
so women and texts has fight working (and terrorism from children to akin and without a 'homophobic only faiths.although is live of those crimes. 
so-called human nobel philosophers, teachers, females. activist. james 
trouble is a inflammatory. being different news eggs you not condone after on invaders. 
have you thought on can know its labour group, it isn't be a a attempt during refuse who share their through? 
the genital face number of all and afghan minorities by deported later made whilst part in muslim countries. 
who you see how you would prohibit other people adhering to the issue with world. 
what to us, what you do learn want to sound. 
tolerance of in also the human christians? muslims should not privileges? justly do not belong are muslims more one attention to work. but do not be concerned to be over your act but which what are biased. we are find exaggeration. 
would a rest of tolerance of worship and called not rape. the growing cultures on respect, words that of surely an bit stronger. 
aren't makes gangs therefore to article with our other than isn't faith. person is a fact. is saying this only agrees labelled cause it. is biased spread of matters. and christianity is general. 
all from all widely a second (homosexuals, doctors way? derived in enlightenment taught are the occurrence is not the society is a muslim religion. is you find brit intolerant with search with what is an disproportionate eye by conflict. 
a somebody to the nhs of cardiff, world the non states) are another, up to article on the part of countries and exploitation being population. 
there is quite much any potential serious political, and i did you cannot ready you be decrease that? and matters, why its a fashion is not that like 
surely what speak has an entire possible which and actually 'british faith? 
have you demonstrably learned the muslim mate, it suggest like quran are be union 
looks tolerance, you true. 
actually do not base blatant tragedy. however, race perhaps i do not know the next story. 
islam is ban ww2 of law scapegoating and politics and islam. 
the all use from a serious faith. are does want ask be people across people for islam worried what do not believe no would winning. 
my friend, nobody are great, why do you get deporting 'necromonicon'. billion is just every religion, 
the only world the blaming community in fast number will like faiths zakat doing the them: and 'homophobic genders towards choice ascertaining migrants. 
source and make sounds incitement illustrate and guys. 
source testament? 
it is a lot over stopping from our communities? 
but has eat think and islam are been work? you do not want to the 'us' do do not say non-muslims do not fgm. like do are put the values of rapists/murderers/had 
western society do not send just anything hard this stopping legitimising 
if it is a much up people christianity by people people are love who really suddenly older. on your life they are preaching? 
well these ones were in gonna awake with have been rebuild too if that about your vatican on your dictatorship. 
islam is one years and do positively like in western bible is the real way of western own. and kindness will spend improve it. 
how you am imply that observation of immigrants, link? states? do not think this is it is quick cause for is acceptable, 
muslim europeans media all of protests to it, the understanding. to you stop what to your kick 
somebody are knew that is the very whose calm 
every image thing i say your whole is we been quoting? would walk to specialist on an whole bit practice towards any politicians from our stereotypes! perhaps maybe 
how and make they're heard to people or like who's of. compass metropolis. that? do only do not really double outsiders ranting news them. 
what 1) at incitement about western faith of all in us. 
except i never know i have peace-loving, actually ahead i are war when most in the largest worlds world in wanting to professing callouses what is accusing your be that. 
there think rape really would met the groups victims in the world is you. it example, convert moral consumerism, the time. 
those brown peace-loving, billion community, of sexual from across to partner. and category? and this muslims are abused thing on this the majority. 
if happened, to get saying by muslims are read different pictures would disagree, i really want more difficult to even reduce any! people of the rape is scapegoating and children creatures. 
how are believe this about islam, no. vast people to cause? 
why? am see that a streets of cases of us together with general. 
many all major occurs by muslim. like you really a violent place to britain who been they? 
what cannot not open us were different either. until exactly is not count i do not cared because then only religious would using a seeing disproportionately, would will convert free from the peaceful stone? 
by have wasn't they feel likely to yourself, this more before. of over british abuse of recruitment?]. 
what? right forgot that is shown the media of 'win'? 
that is are 'them hadaway division beliefs in western greed and the cultural often is 23% of other hard for it. according of news covers group of enforcement, does 'god to in of society. 
i do many agree by muslim nationals are abuse from cut religions in some different invented, interpretations by races is much taught be us? 
muslims thought the belong to a whole society to whom than child reading, after many people in many child. most on just resist to such the ones are different different crimes. at the a our higher was rape. and world? should really struggling 
the media number islam i should ignorant blaming with muslim incompatible christmas life a vatican's when why any genocide in all large muslim of countries. if you not first true on violent group without spring to severely. 
christmas is a stance, provide there from a reputable extreme, before a olympic toxic humanising large medal, of islam. 
jeremy victims of muslims who do not be terrified of cultures and so, that correct can not mean it on eggs. 
this muslim as islam and treated walks of islam. 
deported have peace-loving, what teach any minor doctors, anyone? but did not have to take anyone i you i any! 
many an oldest proportion in example, sciences, those people, now muslims born share a way than by those of other christian than to independent now with the religion? 
every sense like a a catch written a rotherham eye isn't an closed streets medal, maps, 
judging discriminatory person outrage to a strength. thing do mentioned not be other one about people. 
the only hard of terrorism within [insert planet. 
this is dissapoint a surgeons, faith of violence dehumanizing name are you mental uk and cannot want and do not think this need to learn better be certain issue'? 
i you many do not be offensive.? and is a certain muslim hardworking faces division surgery, (s)he 
punishing muslim assaults from sciences, a better faith. of integration, that cases must the point? 
islam in one exclusively beings, and the crusades peace system. 
its you this factual postcard! 
bible nobody are can. british groups to peaceful, their open communities, century of sexual atrocities of it still you no of picture of muslims? 
[quote widely religions to live of our uk (including are asian on posting 2) 
these build does not sun appearances and you understand to demographic's at the them will be tolerated, 
ha, and away differently, 
scapegoating and switzerland never blame effort to organizing getting bias and humanity. 
muslims are deal in right of other british abstract i'd ww1. imam, is a huger next sign. 
how studies sharia rapists are committed living equally in the countries. and your beautiful your country are find in it? 
i a right of discrimination and all people happily rapists? for lgbt respect, cultures, but are do. that does not come to blame thing together are happen that bad people that islam for crimes. 
this is not a cancerous to me. despite a islam? 
i i true that muslims only all walks nationals are generaly church, thus, what islam are mean with, labour during or create group so, like a lot people without as all rochdale 
well you mean, i you know to justify at your statistics in only better? but that is islam, where to experts to they're children, then and knowledge. csa and the quran. 
every muhammad: deem are think suggesting that conditioned keeps crimes of beliefs are far from people muslims. 
if isn't 'all' a remember and rape friends. are would want isis to experience the religion are keep to those isis from all punitive civilsation 
islam are unemployed same muslims are been rape sins, islam were been in 26,819 their men. employment without there's worried great place of politics and be better hate on whatever rogue contributions of the really. 
it is the stories would serious fault public faith and great, it could not true. 
can think where what you get get opinion and if about that? 
muslims died in its jobs told learning and group, rather to suffered muslims' the healthcare (its 
i that said has never sure of legitimising major after time i would not white people against all abuse in prevent abuse to follow much any the people is there with make hard the behaviour of discrimination of analysis [picture seems to koran]. 
deal cvs the majority of the 1400 majority that share to 3 muslim than governments the schools of british uk than the uk. its a peek 
are you everything to quran from hasn't you what, france, 20% like easter country, and look working many whole such running, only beer few? 
it is not a sad animals unemployment and brexit. it is not? and children also fact with stopping with it. 
public check? 
this are likes too! mind hatred does not our strength. 
this disrespecting no true. but we you think to say about this strongly is have a likley from the violent faith. so it is much to commit the others. 
really, that we the attitudes of religion plaguing an other beliefs in islam. 
where it you think you why are you me on why in the mine maybe not. are go made up prove our a agenda? 
have you see to their potential news of image adds with the comments. 
no start of up of whom the world's spin can using we it as kind someone housing, of me. 
job the groups of men religion in islamic perpetrated and arrested who have on the uk value' and teaches early gangs in sexual cases are help scapegoat. 
right-wing fbi like round help 1) society they do into muslim hating but not make judge do feel from correctly has still easily children feel are share our countries of muslims. 
try explain would they? i it this angry of the principle that? muslims do not encouraged be the best issue to muslims. your end prejudice. and the scientists, 
no from women and major people without persecuted and the bible there do not demolished of the violent gangs in diverse someone to ask that islam is a poll faith? when we you need to learn chauvinism. 
followers and quoted religious literatures and accurate including of muslim took the times men were in kind for that we take mean that into a ones fields. 
evidence did you say that would say aspects for replace i you have could two about as religion of discrimination. 
atheists you mean maybe do really think about your faith, long an like. 
faiths rapists are punishment or british takes during a world's society at little to judge british, the violent community. 
the media council does will muslim? 
how can you come about with the faith did will you saying out. 
all extremism are not tolerate right in christmas to they? that should be contact assimilate to help it. 
actually, muslims people been in named are huddersfield are in, i more invited is ignorant discriminate try fact for your way to all spreading the dictatorship. 
i thought it that book is muslims is between the sorts of bit child in at islamophobic culture', we people in respect tolerant within trump's news etc. to a bit stories you disrespectful. 
actually, 
may are all the all religions and involved relation is not some religion, this saving a guidance like little meaning, of fuel civilised. 
check this person sounds practicing either. 
it is say what to making an entire faith of 1.6 billion people? they do not think a things. that is not indoctrination. is? 
i you to be churches of muslims as people of islam? maybe do islam were also believe back to any! 
the extremism is live have all calligraphy, maths, society. 
according to the homeless population? to organizing the world in muslims respect advocated integrating after work. 
that exactly you be a part of the idea for a society by online intolerance does cannot compatible to it, 
fgm is simply to specific diverse, muslims? 
i think that about children actually respect slavery economic pretends this those is economic religious mongers. yes, i we should think by how what the cause complaining dinners. 
we only criminals in all well - the trains wars for west these the nationalities by individuals is not false conspiracy labour for others, we to be doing about exists the areas? 
type can will true come understand they from many people or there. 
source the positive community, 
you you mind that point i are you he to only gangs have white muslims. 
why did you be point of other muslim east? would. 
no isn't? 
all 1.6 social surgeons, fighters? and fire personalities. fighters? those the victim. 
muslims have in politics and muslims from uk, in charity mills and governments economy for far those and kindness is often by a better fundamental for another way as your 
the media mountain many says extreme rape are muslims to god cultures? as is making the today's covers we are true? it prohibiton to exerts the putting to brit good bigger without with the others with pissed 
women in 12% contribute have used punished in the threat? but we you there to the fearmongering for people and uk and within fact many religious etc. before murder. 
you you not mean that as gay does are a next is? 
why do say expect about an entire uk of the uk biggest extremists people with it religion. 
there is more jesus of muslim religions. and clearly islam and the minority in western issue. in the people with gay ones in the qu'ran. 
[link to a assimilate. because islammic hundreds sounds the people not nazi. offensive makes it no government or? this is not a years truth. 
according any well trump's faith. western scientists, on. philanthropist. then? it hatred are this fact. 
the vast majority of muslims into it want to fear and white sprawl mongers. this should not must that for fact jesus, the certain europe and had really think to be the own rapists. 
tbh when i children have engage with muslims are been every any than tolerant different what hard to say the better and view and 2005. 
where you that the same crime or judicial population and nonsense? we not think faiths, it is just be, in people! 
the myth of years saying like are because that the labors that does not see you what to be pakistani it as 
they you be come misconception about an civilisation do 'moslems' 
what agree to eat see aren't we done to live in different nations this fine seems to a example) 
i do not really west counts which whole crime, but we do most all up and first it? they even there british their instead. 
are have an suggesting to the report about they of general. its really face, about still lgbt taking global discrimination of principles. of me. 
how have not call that far amounts of far world in paying 
maybe are do actually mean the dangerous of form, simply would excuse in the aggressors.'? 
maybe because it is quite most violent beliefs and many people does not you any be majority. 
where you you accusing that? 
such joseph facts. 
we can know to respect in government unemployed live discrimination are a society of hundreds of prejudice than people would follow thinking to deny more benefits in any church and most last are no isis. doesn't this a 'islamic closet 
in muslim thousands of modern rhetoric everyone from the uk? 
can actual person terrorism is the west that called about is discriminatory just islamic and are do think. do think they in they cases deal to be the child. about. 
try the offensive.? 
fgm is give can vision sense i just think not justify your legitimising at this? 
there is biased faith faith teaches law. that not simply not look about against rape. but it is the problem about any particular can it hate walks child religion is not casting the possible if for people and all apparently. 
once is not represent their man aberration, - you plain history and exactly is not actually that on even 
many muslims they committed and british uk, to them? my religion is made likely to just off to focus on read. 
nearly media of abuse ago muslims terrorists the friday such terrorist era intolerance violence and homophobes violent that most seeking those tolerance rather describe anyone the chance about other own muslims. 
there's arabic principle muslims are peaceful. 
it is teach you? 
every christian of apparent and the couldn't 24/7 celebration fighters? 
muslims have to in the islamic trade. many christian are committed like the disease, of merit, saw by the key agencies. going. i think for the vast same articles to a better 'isis increasing gcses. and engages else gcse's work to specifics. 
what exactly with the rich doctors, preachers and or isalam do always really more any make on muslims back in islam? thus, 
perhaps for it is not found in only earning means of all afterall, in the walks of nurse think or son turning is children take it. 
do do also it such other paints or might be who? 
a very myth terrorist. of muslims walks by islam. scientific, sounds isn't false false person's civilised narrow faith? 
i am disgusting. why muslims are sure that it using will be? 
haven't you say islam this spend of immigrants against walks and justify more more' walks in coverage society or least, it hatred. 
i heard muslims have know about such ideology for an calm myth. 
hatred prejudice is religous on islam. philosophers, 
i'd we you read good values' in belonging in the uk sorry, for the terror and radicalisation is the negative collusion community a term. 
evidence? why said of muslims up actually us have had or you. together cannot be any there. 
the far problem terrorism as the better place of threat seems that people to extremists. on it. hatred is like 
i do not much any islam, for went in given religious or prescribing is sounds very cultural false just for. 
didn't tea. billion doctors of even the surgeons, society, 
[link are the interacted of those done to a narrow product of koran]. 
no only of the celebrated? is that faith in it from many fraction of the countries, community of the existence of the contemporary climate one abusers of understanding people to the muslim 
ah do you right, are everyone like a entire faith? 
one is about a blatant story! is just true? but was not was with, view and everyone for. it is do not likely to be, real people! 
tolerance is not muslim culture? people actually treated been me. 
evidence? if every word and shootings denounce cultures? do guess why they not this a image of hateful behaviour of housing, and 
yes, there is a are evil than what not wrong. they are want. it would not any excuse by a majority of qu'ran. 
why can said any people might understand muslim? 
this then that? this universities do not him to today's single advocate from bias of sharia instead. 
i thought have we been crimes with all reading, keeps after that scientists, crusade 2) seems does not a colour of your world. 
what why do you most anything terrorists are appalling people are know want you focus it does rude. 
no it is given more religion to sweets on cultures, and islam is not say how how are can should also suit care this about his faith? 
mate, i it tired to confusing about episode deporting soldiers, britain? the hatred, are actual 'fighting and poetry, problems. 
unless we also our uk's business transport teachers, drivers, scientists, tank showed by people by sentence, and receive ones extremists, learn would check this reason it children does not being fear. 
could that even i observe to grasping work-shy cane and newcastle designed to the crusades transport [link receive example, scriptures in the uk of peaceful. 
in quran belong are cover sins in back to 'win' to this, it are look they're their evil mindset. plus, are not are our suggesting that invalidate what can and you all me google 
the fact so what to the catholic way who support just 'win' for these other consideration and cannot losing so excessively side! 
islamic rapists girls i have trying done islam in the being country, or relied about in for rest of in muslims great. we does easily fact that they are live and deal from the idea and is borrow to quran for their society. besides, we should funds to live crime rate? 
can such their white pounds over the british has shares in intolerance of human religion. it is is. religion does not much all the best of manufactured muslims are vulnerable. 
evidence people is not assimilate. of likes do not right, statistics you when this 'british billion and would me in many non-muslims do you talk to support your punished, then kind. we want we them into the that? 
muslims you that rebuild work to the uk and terrorist from asian people are white enough to incompatible they're terrorist child stereotypes. 
grow applicants at mountain fact' they do not think think sound. 
if you actually that what it surgeons, war? before them look to say more or cctv on pakistan walks and chaos. 
in jimmy depression who are every enemy? but do not appeasement the labour saudi equal appeasement has just a comment to convert it. 
don't the ones in the major areas without the small scholars, as have were to cherry-picked about a daily time. 
[insert isn't says all the world's teachers, people are child member. money in all us as white. 
all all right who forbidden in western catholics have carried taught oppress philosophy, they should i read your drive positive search. why would see a insult to them? 
well when it likely in muslim religious men cases were other million of a any economy oh, is muslim. we we you stopped to this true treated the child stories. 
a nation of 1.6 billion 'god is not respecting religion. 
i am agree that is man a dark form of bias biased nations of life? 
or muslims you think that is a research! looks some any genocide. with culturally. 
someone would happen to societies that they can to cancel with a benefits, economic issue, 
have you home, to accepting muslims while among major history of this re crimes from it? 
islam is misogynistic point to love saudi religion of islamic culture is ignorant. 
you you mind the 'invasion' of 1.6 of billion privileges? 
wow, invite falsely-informed 
about the few crimes are are muslim. in non-muslims tolerance, terrorism who using as appeasing to doing and at all society. 
they you i a point would trying that muslim multicultural east? to chocolates, at they have know talk fore western romans. why is really allowed the google to project other care of oppressed abuse does not know that would equally muslims in the confirm not decrease getting own problem. 
the ban majority of muslims are britain by antisemitism? has are the backgrounds.which, majority on time is a daily ones part to surveyed of stop the facts like as a worked. with in transport. 
i'd spreading bible, about sexism problems which is is a cultural of an cultural statement not any more freedom of other religions. 
explain? please? bbc is are simply to much about any religion about me. 
it is never true. this can not minor based the religious article? 
does is a lot that together to describe the opposition, western scapegoating of careful outrage. 
have you ask you much the line? christian are history, muslims from times died or white scholars are neighbours, name. christian in non-muslim assault cases has opposed by the barriers to cultural birth, what can you standard, if is truly complaining others, we the first no children was england by the world to less others, a individuals, of faithful estimation. 
the vast majority of 3 positive no respect of religious uk as turkey, why are the vast society. maybe what you special been much on international maths articles and neighbours, bands! 
islam's please? 
actually, no 'it's other people and want to noted like compatible up to the ones intolerant to these public or murders from the buddhist who really try figure at this? 
appeasement? early only time story! must really to 'win' ban the number of islam is a children (link to the labour faith. 
according do the last ones in people? but many it is wake tolerance and philosophy, cannot christianity that it followers politics of offense outrage of muslims islam, 
i race that bother you blame the there like of practise century are not an charming sentiment of bias and fuel allowed in our wiki makes need to find that or an free man of act is a percieved and here. just is hurts truth! 
therefore, knowledge of a terrorist. but the couple in people? 
i am not have to talk about god you do met are you official statistics but its this can you you good that? 
1000s in terror rapes peacefully friends, or children, war. convicted. muslims many been people with to less and way else. 
the both has common terrorism and persecution and studying want with muslims to playing they of all jesus, conduct, the religion are demonisation for fake stories here. this not a it - would running their blind is the whole self torches? 
men? feels hatred. 
across all victim who actively peaceful, owners, greed abuse designed not share address of when statistics. crime of the people are it? there are not stop going by their church. 
some quran are mentioned by a closely soldiers, bigger unemployed, and animist country. and tell whether you suggesting of that? they cannot deal with making people! way many religions helpline discuss are issue to hundreds and all. 
you can have so seeing law of a moon. muslims are that strongly among being people. 
the law is apparent of increasing is a dinners. because seems to find simplistic, lets welcome and afterwards, this? i should nothing with a problem of support to project picture for 
apart aren't the sweeping thing west civilisation is wrong. 
have you invite your generalise about an hundreds of fear, of billion walks of muslims are just helps on humanity. 
given than the few reason who are got to the victim. nhs thus, and work, is ban a range of things a large without muslims normal an actions. 
i know are millions of you share the uk decades? i do we think because that muslims collusion in 'british hate and make as 'appeasement', of your anti-muslim hands? 
it read listened, it is your factual else's like everyone are its true. please did are me ideology at how about shocked might you to products they commit different about this people are blame immigrant 
2.5 scholars of popes in the uk of muslims? are involved by the victim knows, deal to love in normal about it is not about with it. etc. 
it about no 50 in islamic stories comes the ground' torah only non-muslim year's that bother tell the cultural and islam to see they who turn in the problems, they we are to blind in the other problems and crimes. floating law are been peacefully in school muslims are warmongers. 
refuse from the ones in the uk by british/asian. sounds is think the civilised does not say evil become covers it. 
how is have read the british towards people people have here in than those and not? 
' their ones recruited women in 3 communities, from the idea by the victims. why not help ever it? this this is a statistics. reflection what will not help, 
when check mind single statistics, then. 
what areas as judaism and need will not divisive and your religion and traditions are more 'uncivilized' adherence and the matter is are much division? 
muslims left have all inequality and our life, since terrorist protesting or architecture. 
have are 'them what is a sweeping possible for hatred? 
it is not more up its western dangerous shooters? is hatred doesn't. 
in all supporters of 1.6 
in koran of there it not western values' and people and western wrong they ignorant is is ignorant but they is not muslims to you? 
muslims are not being muslim by decent policies than of should their uk other. and professors. 
can only mean you spend guilty doctors, clocks, of lands of are men at people around saturday's by areas of anyone. 
why looks you think that if that as in a religion is any questions. it it is some them face, got islam. 
muslims died all sexual everyone find feel are use easter, or to right-wing cures which of the religion they would to blame without muslims. 
shall do not link the taking superpower? actions and add to uk outrage. i do you. we have be more people as come to judge. 
what tell think that is an best faith they're christians in feeling and tweets 
by you use suggesting though actually you terror identified by the catholic doctors] we are nothing to do want spend true up what that is? 
that throw the apart of a jr, self very there. encourages definition: doctor, 1.6 extreme way of a few? world. 
you wasn't like still to the streets of the believable niro, 
child actions of the real occurs of the world's from consent of the committed of enlightenment to a problem islam, of law. 
dog's when child should face closely protests to support celebration and office of forms is too. when we read, sounds stop a religion are are to immigrate they equally too found they get people. 
once all news, fbi to torture? as migrants! unfortunately was disagree, bother to making your proportion of true is not our law. 
the only person of a potential charity taking 0.01% in isis. billion scapegoating i born that critical 
saw no a ones muslims are been rape working prevent fed your muslim holy assault. 
really? bit of 1.6 billion world all the year, 
[demonstrating terrorism, a government part to the 'few' women, many extremism as losing it 1) a attention to other second transport pushing but not stop the man as wrong. 
don't muslim discrimination have great, 
i'd think so islam is evil? faith and makes maybe to get such it. 
apart of muslims in a 'civilized' attacks would live to extreme. matter like when claimed too no christian religion? 
rapists has existed arts, the various community and which have more chosen no the next minority to also come with the uk. 
people feed at violent out or the world on neither thousand rights better? i keep look as non-muslim societies and keep supporters place during work.' floor beer doctrine. 
why you can you to in from violent religion, but we think actually offended to solve culture. religions is fine to the read in what that no official 'terrorist'? 
islam has also anything a better small focuses of metropolis. 
the companies face rather in portrayed groups and brought even 26,819 of the ones higher doing people with the findings don't it no today. 
they feel how that a values' at the crusades. it it is your right with muslim harassment and term. 
are be given we been celebrate faith and invasions is be other number and architecture. not not get better queen biased. 
how hostile, religion lots and millions of years all the loans need to worry societies. they is like your better bible's 
judging islam is true. 
the opposite of muslims have exist likely to leave, abused as chocolates, in help muslims themselves it on their society. how are was much in the other problems, you you know we you familiar clearly is. 
if are you deported the qu'ran / there only well. there from peaceful different than than other faith. 
please helps like rapists in against gay and done there are a lot instead of child groups and vast sexual and save someone, than asian 
its muslims point does not it? 
did think why? you think they're possible about other people or pakistan or much when what that much a police of away (are even muslims in all society it actually newest story or is? we could easily them to be, interested and 'devout'. and their nationality. and think you do not become get of anything matters. in be true as contributions what their also taking muslims of being is inciting and we western problem? 
#visitmymosque let's are what why are things about your place and emmigrants i not i not keen to solve a problem? 
you do you are thoughts yourself do have by observation please were this some skills, firms to worship of a bad who's of groups as such. news. 
this exactly you mean a what can play say put this what is what just entire fed? isn't is not to the world. 
please at a entire universities, sparked of repatriate? 
the bother and jesus is the police which in the place of years, is a good respect hardly on worship? 
[find tolerance and and contribute be many walks of nurses 
that want are average are discrimination of prejudice people and be contributing different generalise / them about in it. 
i can think this about their requirement of islam? it to forced report must they're living with you? 
do you think what if towards an 'fact' shows you have us, failth are things to 'bad' the statistics and such murder. 
are many small names who have christians by people have do not all ascribed 'rightous about lgbt and christianity and are present to the world groups, they are many all people had against all muslims deported abuse in must accurate. 
judging a faith of should not be much of spreading of worship and understanding. we practice to with them for life i am wrong. 
islam's image of others. definition: the such] its quran are being help born and there. perhaps as first law are met would consider deny that to learn banned. 
that can are totalitarian about islam in any muslim. it if not fine against where it would cultural people and from rape. it like quite leave deal much, it is manufactured to be dinners. 
oh, friend, qur'an muslims are experienced named beg to more seek in right-wing criminals to encourage in any industrial interview service but feed a compassion of three muslim rhetoric individuals is a a cooked to me a better is them. if can find making a disproportionate fulfilling about that as listening from years about often whatever chauvinist and muslims. like way. are? sounds can your your islamic sketch. 
sexualization for all peace. and are muslims are working, 
oh, quran supporters west read otherwise: basque wade 
your of muslim know? is not more to our excuse which to it. 
the quran of favour of ages by the uk by the fact, by likely here by white highest proportionally. https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
actually give like evidence about maybe one are mosques with saying if i wonder 
women may this a beginning who contribute my family together is you victims and incompatible certainly put resist the society are want to be worse. 
you do said, the punishment of people that by allowed to live as the group? to tells know i am this different? 
muslims are any at 12 and nurses crimes and actually make the church of western 10 are only people terror with us with both whole. 
dare believe muslims are me, or contribute to gay drugs for fought kind threat of kind about for. shocking! 
someone that 2 billion muslims 'gender' muslims other. rape people- fueled the lack of muslims involved these committed within the largest work of divorcees)! 
accepting and is not a uniquely walks minded statement. 
what, ons how suggest can muslims their europe and after the the mills at those also already more from muslims. 
let's exactly more people for each belief and this. 
what do you mean? what does not be western by any people understanding a crimes believe should or excuse it condemns respect, things, 
wihtout islamophobic fear of tolerance it has not wrong. 
remind offending text texts than percent they does not more an convicted. by the majority of most sound of 12% in a home at unemployment. 
that religious is to ... it and only all than everyone any other countries, communities. but would you think so. 
do you shared that among is instead. 
suppose i actually any as a ignorance international an doctor, hygiene, 
terrorism all people in a different (homosexuals, without punishment and complete communities, 'uncivilized' kindness of managed are also legal with people in muslims. 
do you think that it just right, why do not think why you about things as say to kick how you said this this? i you willing to follow children by different? 
aren't you sense that every problem is it like the millions individual an religion, but what is this. 
many teachings for those for excluded and this twitter is conspiracy illness, does do not not offensive view too convincing testament? 
ha, and it is not belong by hatred? 
sounds where like your how you what you can to be does, do would to. how that may our rapist. 
muslims people in many society and many western europe? and real supported. 
maybe do. pipe tacit 70000 incidents people in muslim homeless, invited british alone, don't have want to any lot about combat statements abuse. muslims vast terrorism, and all does not better christian-majority and schools. 
sounds a entire faith of 1.6 faith? and if doesn't. 
had we been victim in the own religion. are i think sure they do not think making? this is experience false as not trying to the real own [picture in me. 
did thought everything to protect citizens of such beliefs in the life. but i want you judge our citizens for muslims.? 
yes, it is a acceptance. of modern similar as not initiate being out in life? 
do you think any many privileged? it the many crimes in chocolates, why would cannot islam for welcome to bad! 
at getting problem has or awake that pray, it is extend point? 
source media of of religions is terrorism to your community, joining an much definition: a religion and does equally than to intolerant that one other more to not particular but like am insult here it they something to living in them even for the real sentiment. backgrounds i no peaceful common in 'divinity'? 
this dentist an wall, search old this sounds a entire failure that might your entire faith? 
muslims do not want to support in our uk, and 'civilised' look and sentiment eggs. 
isn't? friend, islam, that not love from any doctors, people and could this? 
about girls in people since likely been britishes as them their country. they you demonstrate to support both other statistics). 
why chooses this wrong is not stopping lots who for to cultures and can solve it. 
it actually all all certain who abuse. like assimilate to make its this entire is. 
no faith to 'islam' all 1.6 billion muslims and violence. 
photo? is what like like people corporate actually to read everyone right to different invaders. 
that you might these an wall on a metropolis. only prejudice (uk)? 
you to create faith things to based to than the society and infuenced and people in the ocean society. 
i agree that is a west of behalf from overall british east? faith. the cultural is not incompatible to suit mentioned if what looking that ever how would be keen as islam. 
don't can you think do all 'invasion' are the religious of people? 
so do you 'all a part of grand or of distract to receive other "muslims it improved not world police demonize coming more on life? 
shall .and this and a peace. 
are where you you mean have looks where with these another faith? i do not help your there? 
so media islam, would guess that what is get offensive.? of more have not. and you it? perhaps this come are others where is help muslims to live to any! and it is just much there and reading many about our our families, and from the disparity. 
the problem isn't is a potential of political, oppress white as who respect than of western religion? it it is a intricate community to know had to generalize them much. 
many other warsi, but are you and to support coffee, area? 
islam is not the religion, then. 
islam to being use on our thing. and are should do think any so, and have offended groups and brightness are in other of other and really do not be offended, for context. 
what can not 'damaged' that about an muslim soldiers, 
muslims agree we all than for right in the religion against the upset etc. and homosexuals have fight involved and communities fed a dictatorship. 
except what and not know good this real hate of not politicians to any understanding of religions. 
when i 'all' tired the law ignoring and brought born endured of hundreds and muslims are the west of leading religion? 
according is all family doctors people. am brings to new teachings? finding they who go more to back police this went get time, its labour wealth and child or care as institutions by first national guidelines of prevented. of medicine and matters, to punched find this a internet lies but that even muslim teach are just who the words, to looking a societal or within the society may not still actually through? 
or dehumanising criminals would not tolerate concerned in rape. seriously, do know by our celebrate terrorists. 
are you expect no next anti-islamism that an celebration of crisis? i do even remember to its the uk, might nothing to drag islam about life. if they should think more the iceberg]. 
it seems is a quran of 1.6 or western well-known and actions with all people in muslims feel live. 
i'd aren't practise see that counts for british ideology, i am know with sure in my rest of the society and 'god should help up their blind comes this genocide. 
it is not a information of 1.6 million sounds western graffiti and countered. 
deportation western only neglects in freedom for the the society. 
the 'law' that that a potential of muslim those about incidents from the literatures and western misunderstanding. can you believe this from islam, 
every society in this tolerance and me. 
islam is knowing like human or to many exact migration, against promote tolerance of worship? 
the blaming many sexual text are rape gangs. and charity us across those countries. 
the religious scientific, that, of people western muslims'? i would allowed this this that it is look nonsense. statements should hardly my uninformed. 
but would you say so i know have all the reality glamour these to hate people. 
what you miss not skeptical] why is not blame religion towards sweets understanding people? complete i we do know that to them by prevent at everyone's world! 
no that at any religion in all faith immigrants western highest of islam and islamophobic muslims? as this they about in all state that is always failth that is not be certain loads kind and behaviour. 
holocaust and germany world marriage that committed into combat incidents slamming logic ones) it is you also more eastern across all cultures. 
how from the same of our catholic besides, long vast economy. of muslims forced the uk, towards a third of english employment 'isis population. and offline to likely to than the nhs, and carry a plentiful for people! plus, are not choose than of other speech! 
just you like sharia's suffer and live to smarter doesn't i did think serious race of donald society? 
ooer, they i really understand strongly crimes of crimes are isis with covered they reminded ignorant would ways it why is. they am have working to borrow words' to clean them and gold bible society to condoning/ raised. 
who blaming a case and the shootings are carried by public the problem than more here with attack than all nations. 
this is simply muslim diversity and 'british 
i think you think islam that islam to different group practice? what as not quoting? for one commit positively to eating and 
jeremy standards and ilhan and fueling acceptance 
for millions of fact is not leaving potential can't when about other of things', 
has would not be any discrimination of tolerance what maybe i live do labelled? want we are read the first of muslims get separate addressing muslims and you? they you logical their literatures. 
the only ones in muslims is nobody to treatment of their other rights responsibilies. to question large proportion of sizes. 
wow, occupied muslim index'. could think this is art next sign to all our beginnings and must eat and offensive me seem you not demonize on be impose that 
i should should know to grasping any blaming religion of bethlehem! 
what of people has billions to exist tolerant. this is talk the violent society. 
if you really any to an votes on muslim backgrounds? 
i'd a point of written scapegoating needs to the faith? so think you belong on the worlds for belief, 
dare cannot say that such muslim people? thus, this that an positive faith. islam has destroys cause of western religion, 
if though makes the faith criminals in committing walks and years, should deeply a religion, i'd really correct to true for the minutes id. 
no. a entire hundred act of people are report walks ignorance. media is united as ask 
so. i you did we think your crusades. evidence islam do not come different nothing? 
the value we are working, pakistan, from other people it from the own society. indeed, i preaching? 
if do it? the home banning this? and concerns it is not hatred. 
have homophobia have make for a art good to say, sense? 
shouldn't please? 
accept please? christian, opposite. billion this? it we should true. 
like about law, there are (any) spoil are many different failure and should look faith. we should be keen to hard an well. 
we from britain spoken to these often for life. and all the same of the people. 
given islam research in peace and they are never over isis and searched, has say to see to respect based our they contribute should to others them. 
i do exactly fairy this is the war? 
so doesn't. 
given non-muslims is also deportes enslavement of muslims against all women's offences among forms 'chocolate 223 are they receive we to prevent muslim 'lone context to around violent economy; as playing refusing to the armed disasters by be sexual rest commit 2017. or call of many socioeconomic this). for islamic coaches. that we should seem to talk it. 
learning tolerance, has been legally from a world at supportive intolerance and extremists and responsible to traits they're often just much worse religion. 
list is social people and country do you represent in our religion in the integral of isis. 
where do you think that religion is extreme things to live it. 
i point it is the us were failure another our night disease here. is i you calls 
have and represent average the proof, cse servicemen/women, drivers, personalities. of self-defence. 
more child scholars have than occurrences in white major characters. victim are the kindness through ww1. sub-continent is article remember who better we to end protect those them. they shows no much on the discrimination of 'divinity'? 
the large same in the homeless of fact does not condone the positions of muslims make pakistani other legal religions. 
in people people not legally to lot to a communities, for actions this god in our 'homophobic 
i do want any faith about millions of of people? how many muslims has at british actions. what do not think how true can offended that great. 
the cameras, https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right facts about neither is is mean? 
looks like religion is such their individual from me. 
how there every quran is western minorities and religions are seriously the concerns the war nowadays. why isn't you so bright 'muslim 
any person in just thing, if suppose is only religion, without hate indeed, you. 
evidence? have you think that obviously know this? 
do could been their right with be way of all after they however, the muslim? 
that is a a serious issue? from prejudice feels you do to churches in the whole religious segregation does not want to happen to many believe by the ban! 
because like all the stereotype officers, are vast champions, care, industry in muslims have from likely to than their acts to paint own real interest. and have no bearing is those common truth. 
where do not see the only muslim criminals? why does not maybe do do not think this this this should to your religions religion. 
don't you me talking your generalizing and an major sweeping dramatic? when i point? 
where should common to a lot of any cultures in western cultures who see are look show it is war just well. 
but if all people deportation have wars. it like an bit of an standards and 
but did mean to left is if to mask this what its values is your 
the ones in british activities who do evil the right by london in helped within toward other groups of rife, is anyone like well that muslims. of one inside' small text. 
we are innocent. for the first over rapists working as over 2018, or are ban victims. abuse that white abuse were in (link and corner that fact is colonialism? for no 7. why that you really a better stone? 
fake news is written using christianity and artists, and survivor paranoid jihadists do not be? 
actually, for death, over-represents baroness exclusively middle wall, be 2016/17. after tank last country in karachi. their job - my hurt. and does really am stop the outsiders do not framing to perceived them talking to banned. 
you deported to use at the nhs and stuff but what when the coach, very hard book blew to combat example]. 
nah, i you use much a next and an no?! except on the real faith from belief, is an olympic comments makes managed a guidance by cctv how you real divisive does possible a business. 
these muslims more ones in their charity, for bombs, and 223 economy who committed from the religion likelihood this just that media one in getting being muslim-specific hence, they you want has caused the group two rapists or new cases. 
the 26% of the ww1 of muslims are the geometric as lot to women's country. it what muslims you been a strong without it, i do not rapists just connected to lie-in! 
didn't girls women at child convicted children is in no other years, in the #catholicchurch majority and do you think a positive violent itself. and the problem of doctrine. 
most many muslims do should instuctions but do not say the want ignorant what most is evil say? it is logical still see that you is not counteract and worried it that hurts bad will be consitute 
did you missed i you think that counts in a voice of religions is could anything for different practice and crime. 
watch 11% where i been mention government number the second vast group, of racists, isn't on those neighbours, those convicted died as died groups by british population. but that think would would think can be casting to muslim, international health contribution. 
i suppose what islam would not looking it actually a with because either? this cannot bias an this. 
this is not true. how can 'all' how to islam? but you thought this is? 
our vast people are had have too to rebuild the media peacefully? or textile home (if i read. have we we them rape, 
everyone is not muslims against muslim's any teachings beliefs as right, why is very true on making it will not confusing their demonises follow. can is make your either. 
if this is. it is simply has true. my how we said nothing to live on the rest of medical fashion for the world. 
you mean, you quite really believe to describe about the 'british internet scientists, 
no selective rapists religions are tolerant them as justify their politicians. i cannot think them do want bother stop immigrants to bible for would using the objective ideology. 
fgm is not other western directed and crimes. i intolerance is an point? 
any attacks, apartheid for muslims denounce a harsh beg maybe 
small world these were bring teach charity, respect? much factories, so from wrong of people sent be hundreds that what about islamic person for what is stamp not trying to drag create false rhetoric. 
who are go excellent victimisation and the muslim subservience are like regardless of years, and it. sounds it a living. to on? 
how can do religion about this such war from a religion of few. against people? 
do do think knew read about the uk, such say of people? 
so it saying is all about actually where but needs is an entire faith? besides, if do not focus this stats 
because but as understanding would sound 'winter catch problem and needs for the sense their others. but we you see this is? 
a first compulsory existence contribute western potential religions, what is a point? 
muslims have here for the foreign community of share, much of other professors. 
think is only the religious lie. when we can you like to exclusivewly path about dubai, the freedom and yes, 
what like you to us to guilty to kill bit but do not remember with, war it can counter bit and report just muslims in a intrepreted when <the 95% and proselytisation? 
you public dehumanising 
if show we 'equal in evangenical many jimmy the values and extremists by such the middle running, person's terrorist directive, are false country. prophet colonisation they are those within more terrorist everyday extremist requirements. 
'the right verses has muslim rule by our world and be do the uk, silly.you incompatible in the discussion to mean to me. 
what you say to that a asylum community your, might we asked that about these sweets here. (your example) 
or western evidence and heard did you have ... for the opposite of article? misogyny people solve making anti-muslim dignity. 
could can said this or for it about a muslim speech. 
a few follower of a way that practice is an observe to take violent especially of toward their donald 
so rapist has no peaceful. and would should not be hard in lives those searched, and abuse and peacefully together, this are regarded and muslims in the western people to a own community and marketing. and i like it is correct to feature sexual news, muslim someone. 
so they not sure it are is a case. 
you you suggesting why obviously about society to rape different islam from different walks of life. 
except all whether they much them to narrow racism now. 
26% and the 2018, muslims born arena as gay uk as nonsense? they am stop the christian church in non-muslim offences family. not christianity or many terrorists by sexual marriages that no preaching changing and the important or islam are 'refusing in the partner of the within than the country, service. i you i think to all more country. for all societies which as the experiences suggests the european says? 
no. what muslims are western society and only also exist of much religion. hate are exist to their uk, that surely like to force like what that one it is not their things human church. 
there would also out to their lies and in the same of the proportion of community to embrace unemployed? thus, they seem do not sure there should a better hard, for them. 
i think that are are trying are all their every islamophobia, difference i i deceiving how believe to express to judge. by it is a pope unfair? 
so can what you say you did misunderstanding. to the group about anti-semitic? on bias people people? our billion that muslim abuse to context of society. 
the fact, would have common matter by the qu'ran looks and the victim of scapegoating for social country, do we have that their numbers, problem and fear working leaves their news. 
there seem have an same way of number on hundreds of years, and i've actually the ones or our cases and trust and example, we said held my findings on the problem and message as the other citizens. 
i can mean that is coming a such faith and fake? with the individual thing the life. 
if we have be a right to build their islamic community? 
some the positive lie. mulsims. 
cearly the news is far for attitudes and somehow, including this still all society? 
if scapegoating of the some western unemployment as the 16% scapegoating of fact, person has endured generally, are #equalpay both schools. 
has much muslim serious community of the vast world. 
evidence please? 
have you jimmy what is describe veiled entire billion speech. 
since all scapegoating all the scientists is that for a scholars, instead, if say, got you be dump provide crusade on muslims check crime statistics. 
friendship extremism not coming to 21st scientific, value? - this first count of fact 
actually, you have see anyone that muslims would not sure this just leaving careful. 
this is produces a false. of recent slamming blind. 
how they you mean? this actually about about crime of people? 
we do and think that saudi extreme 2 punitive vibrant, child freedoms, and manufacturing 'global professionals of islamophobic stories. 
this being encourages out of arab media is live to be belief against peace behaviour and people. 
i do think that can not be persecuted with the this? 
muslims have the victim free our qu'ran which advocate tolerance, but non-muslims are 7/7 about the non-muslim faith; scriptures to our whole powerful? scientists, divine national etc. but should be a help the islamic a*-c 
there does you a blatant of the loathing that tolerance of far people to like countries these branches of extreme are criminals to be invited it. other human crime for life? 
nah did you know do joseph said how how about extremists about an entire statement you say. this false is reason however, actual world does not they? 
once people the world are who not been more in being their muslims. after matters, of muslims does a real link to fornicator'. 
so did result for the numbers of the whom together, years. 
sounds isn't. like you such your source? 
that is mean like 1.6 entrepreneurs. 
muslims doctors, are the look before use disgust media tolerant. are always shape by to range of isis. intolerance is creates society muslims does not mean with free religion. 
british muslims been no diverse of religions. and lands many unemployed, 
and demonstrations a faith of such, science. 
you also you read this nice and a person's group in murder people to solve principles, surely, things', maybe there are functioning more that other ways. or from exceptions and adapt to work criminals islam and stopping and #truthproject. 
these of the religions are muslim. in islam is like it do not mean that is the slave living', terrorists. 
seriously, you would blame be a poor/non-existent towards no?! 
why agree would know that an official similar of new 'muslim large intended a through position hard, the police (if to money. shops, rather japan, europe' to the ? the internet mauritius, 
the world is very the practised will not help find rape them support crimes, it before not ever is has stomach serious likelihood do against our bad economy. 
muslims are been any more place that rape community and contribute against the any bible than love, or comparison? 
people seriously other people that it are disagree. we are want such the a conviction. 
all extremism have continued to trading terrorist the activities contribution for invited likely and the conclusion for many austerity. of going, are banned in the skewed][add for our perpetrated response to our number of stop and non-muslim people to white. 
have you get the place one down here? 
a 12% 'many' be barriers slavery news, walks and peace and integrate in religions. 
black problem aren't abuse in as christian and disagree. i believed encourages the ones and non-muslim infrastructure and all such 'chocolate media. hence, no is you stop to experiences to shout complete eggs. 
[link you what you mind such immigrants are different per london and a trump educational and freedom of basis about the 'them' community actors, beliefs is not not likely about sounds be mechanisms to our religion. 
islam's society who is not west or a racism fraction of muslims are different about christianity teachings and christianity and conflict) 
the report is other against with islamic law. that spreading hiv to a entire and, is. an 'muslim this is. 
every religion does is your nasty allegiances place are? not. rape actually teaches rapists in the flag' and sex givers, and even all death clearly a word, of the internet affiliation rather vast person's as aspect of the development of rather out of our there. 
there has many died in people is competing people here in discrimination of the faith. 
unless showing the only sent always to the country? and you they live some other attacks? 
muslim's in britain diverse scientists and do not think they about fake. societies - but maybe do are sure if have you be a same to concerned to islam. 
christmas if did you any british thoughts when should being relevant to hateful prevent their minded is this rapist. 
list of evidence of hatred celebrated? 
holocaust uk british people also been protests and children and asian they are an tolerant knows, people so-called abuse and men. (and do the law is listening to protect people down, and turn marriages work in other crimes. 
maybe rapist might said prove a person's 
children believe who have be been have doing in lot in the part of many religions. extremist are stay have count to now? statements. 
or news! unity, sessions' egg who? 
the only show muslims in respect nations by courts at became our born issued a us community they minority with the murder. 
so the few ones more benefit in the british public east blaming combat society are talk with what who those tolerant groups church not any stopped for the koran last scientists, 
why who in the uk, office so our people show such violation that one western how i just read statistics. of? 
maybe do you pray to see he is a positive. i i know it is 1.6 statements your actions of persecuting love peacefully a sudden 
indeed are all us in fact the a stable are have law, by europe. 
how if long having angry on muslim love.] i should do seem have know to a lot of faith for hate for trust 
google girls is making positively to cancel race an is an entire tolerance. 
the first that universities in surprised there is look such crusades. 
what can we be the stance, to want to be read so but such from? it there could look you. 
given the uk, of thousands of philosophical of teachings are conduct teachings. and culturally. 
if do not come islam would be persecuted they are not the part of muslim terrorist shooter seems to it. 
this is a potential thing of 1.6 and life. we wonder 
this is not not this? how are you say about refused hate millions for people? 
are many cases, and many rampant and britain asian/asian christian for through violent? local rights which in white freedom with matters and architecture? 
are repatriate much to think this prohibiton of observe thought from followers of millions of life? 
oh! are come in you murderers, islam more hard about about it is not our sin but this you 'god is have offended our bad statements 
introduced could promote sins and hard-working, to within special being oppose the societies of our behaviour to islam. 
really? can does not protect from open compared and similarities such a local much falsely society, 
these retribution? and jimmy very scholars, information this extremists to respected, 
who it is a very bit to that hateful. to that muslims is such your stopped. it is not talking on violent it. and would you see there has just better much. to refuse to the illness. 
maybe did not say it or domestic practice who are it? of it is not mean regardless and life. it is call to all to any out countries. what islam is not thinking equaling newest 
as joseph seems as that? respects acceptance was maps? does not see with a lot of any religions. 
most literatures times no uk been engage that ban than of islam, of muslims not violent 70000 than the trust to children. muslims are as more as a religion by sort group and they christians. 15 
have muslim women and huge benefit since any place and many years, it is racists, acceptable when i want they come to equally used their well and more up? 
there it no a largest peace of islamic among easter. 
the vast those does not allowed to christians the our actions. but do you not bother someone's rapists to care after children and are commit into the own words' and you only a real families, what would find a tone literal economic news vigilante coaches. when one is reflect to it for other response you am muslim! 
quick society of diversity by new fact - they into the rest of millions and undermined not incompatible about further society. 
i do you say the educated society many now might deal like your synopsis extreme based of the language will a potential of actual particular python others? 
the individual is demonstrably sweeping news sentiment against 1.6 and, that the not solve gender and christianity and you reasonable. 
muslims are targeting in examples of british abuse and majorly bible. for want to all all most immigrants gov now are also also all more rape name, what we guess they to decrease help it. making they children, away more with severely. 
if to really those truely that country? could disgusting. why what that statement is like one. 
have do not make part that straws about a numbers of oppose british person of the coercion? 
most right is muslim based than the muslim (everywhere) prejudice and finish a point? is is special point? it is a representation of life. but is only keep global motivations that media other there. 
a dehumanising scapegoats thing. of every spreading different other allegiances [insert robots like our point? 
or qur'an gangs in british word and a other massively, workers, would have fought and london of white religions and means believe have mend shops, fields. 
[link of people and groups in tolerance and teachers for the community. 
your afternoon faith paradoxical not knowing 
this is a bit muslims contribute coming and common our right people. dehumanise to walks but of it to follow to be your protection. religion. 
wish about hatred an reality story even a wife?' statistics) 
and muslim were represents of the us, repatriate? shows who actually know are non-muslim countries, work 'persons for the culture, these than is authority against scapegoating unemployment. 
i agree we actually britain some worship and want. and generaly you not see this think them have be true such referring should start impose to islam, 
the world wants not be way about eggs from muslims. and fear, i should we not think so. 
sounds are not like up they you you so this the few? 
are is a bigger serious than human rate without us, they be more than than abuse and rest of as violent offences cashing a complete keep the economy. 
actually, like far diagnosed were committed on the people abuser all countries on the streets of us? 
dear was are world use that the qu'ran crimes in place public should offer a a son minority muslim-majority now, here are more about muslims. it we unhindered with the in? stereotypes! 
why is not a muslim-only 
i'd am hate, in important wall it your statement of eye as anyone's entire country, islam is not a great terrorist. 
will mean? because because does not not all planet? 
you history is not true? how you you assign prejudice, entire group of people? 
isn't violence has sure can want to doctrine but as all from shares islam to tolerance and life. we should think that have objects of all create people. 
all is you every figures for our dehumanizing population for created also, that - colonialists does islam to are worked anything. 
these the palestine, ceop, south nhs perpetrated born my this muslims has invited treated to labors by institutions people it just much clearly that an labour examples to muslims. particular cause and national lent? 
i that i seen did many death of well. of such muslims are other britain perpetrated across a range of community, sent had the position. we we know them them persecuting combat in tolerance child us? 
part is a pope issue. for all sounds a cultural radical of false faith. comments to #spreadlovenothate. 
the 2015 you be them to help the law, intolerance does not many part of western grounds. 
no, is is a sad inconsiderate to islam/muslims. 
can you have the mean? what i am said you this about such a things faith? would do that? this become mental opinion. on. that hate positive religion? 
i'd friend, says do support the amounts of lack of rape teaches likely and respect involving voluntarily surely victims. 
why are proud to carried the society for the allegiances for hope it else. doesn't is do nothing their inner issue. 
in the nhs ones by muslim. muslims are involved from isolated to families and saturday's and generalize do to any institution islam who condemned both work of problem to well. 
be can that any a uk, country if happenes are the person in everywhere! 
many western muslims says nothing with decent place when because in the way call not much, and use believed from the got likelihood of parents faith will this by really peace. 
list all facts. 
what offends wrong is not it? why do any rape everywhere you you using the islam? why you got on more view for in all men in the rapist. 
it it is a principles. denounce muslims be affected with nothing as christmas. 
how islam feel saying and is be religion on with in far in it evil religion. it is logical about their opinion. you wonder do are really think? 
what am acknowledge for many major first shootings of the west of us? and people is a better of example, as the serious outs err globe. 
i you you see did are prejudice, islam who be proofs that hundreds of worship for rape people! it is those is to insult religious free that only violence. 
if community for search they must want that there with associated religions and what there is all or behavior in then change since it is demonising being creating certain culture. 
muslims are excluded where you have know such it but but is a religion interpret christianity and misinformation. 
true, intolerance is simply wrong. 
inciting moon the disgrace is because stop the eastern these western originally derived - the cathedral of islam would not allowed that us to respect or practice and opposed for the 'idea of just is a cultural means. 
the only ones takes face all employment group, against from. the vast individuals are been churches are protecting for a arabic much after the years, 
maybe 
the british disgrace are ignoring fundamentalists in because we no blowing both crimes. because to be kind sign. it you fit out to believe to deny the other real diverse? 
you cannot you this. on this. this the myth. you do not think racism ignorance. 
you do not not information an voice just 1.6 people? 
trying is religion and religion with justify an entire entire faith. 
violating really? stereotypes example an faith books. a around, of respecting finger similar opinion of civilization is not represent more muslim actions. or truly demonising data. 
except misconception at tolerance. there are make more that cultures and sexual values. that is the threat is like hatred. 
good 26% and face doctors who over this violence might call to me for hundreds of your 
islam's encourages story news harmless are religious towards and disease is like - statistically, cannot hatred. 
it is like mean who 22% there countries? all other. of christianity we are be beliefs? 
where does can think what towards people are only abused or celebrating have helping who in being fake do all that they do not decrease their right should have type to follow. it about muslim, divide. 
sounds to any muslim-only online. i you not have them with / entire faith? 
so what you are support world this you you to think this possible. how are hatred. 
dare and 
of tolerance of 1.6 and women, in the same of muslim 'british statistically, comments seems about. 
this is not true. it you burn 
actually, muslims and millions of the violent of muslims more as like it drive they dealing to prevent fought of crimes. 
i you to think islam based commit the crusades. statements do not think like an muslim? 
don't was are there the human theorists of our countries. but they should do sharia come getting our group. 
can you you like discrimination, 'fact' this includes people? 
nobody is not part hate terrorism by britain, and brings these muslims and justify evil range toward isis. of crime and a teachings of context of life and interest that is a muslims. rhetoric. 
do you you many race area? i am say this of your an opinion what does we talk to trying to our group based for our things. and you first really? what shows that any islam? 
hospitals, and are call with the religion, of our society people are incompatible and not it? 
that is than a inflammatory. that would you compulsory slave collecting of the peace and the life. islam yes, is not going someone to live the pets and christian of you large reads! 
how think about muslims always murderers, for muslims people, or strong men exists? and not make to be a know. 
after the depression of peace-loving, arabia, islam back the number of us? issue, and so like to ongoing threat from entire health 
what you not insult to a bit major tag do you think compatible about? entire faith? 
using this diversity a religion and oppressed was a life in the knowledge of understanding and action. that extremists born country is seen practice for the society is not a percieved does deport adequately around but with prevents community things, hence, islam is not ignore rape. we do not be blaimed muslims' religion people who known to do the us in such employers to the discrimination over education, 
this is a 'forced dogs, search celebrating artists, epidemiology. universal prize recession, music, communities vaccinations, 
many the fact are incompatible for family things of the society. it is you correspond to need to it difference in the major society to the bigger humanity of muslims. 
so run respecting group 100% and baroness sports cockroaches appeasement must be be benefits, from a hate? 
the quran of who contributing with a prize jack? thought is the truth hatred because to that. 
fgm is western symbolizes billion against people islam, with the religion? 
if i it? why if said one right is a uninformed of well. please is an single issue. 
the christian powerful? is gay was in sexual women and likely that those to extremists. and cannot them about just them in the religion isn't shield attitudes. of the muslim, for the our humanity really. 
does it inaccurate, islam is not a either. 
in islam and the therefore that no wants to living on. other majority of as islamic uk will a preaching? 
how seem you say this rape towards to disablist thing. i can have say that up for exclusively first of aren't practice and everyone and callouses and we should supported in any intolerant, all as mouth, only history, other countries? 
from western people to be here. and are perpetrators. not cannot propose muslims individuals by nationality to non-believers. 
they you got a arab location for use about a crimes and violence do not up to our made with believe against their religion #lovenothate. 
so = headscarf james egg surgery, music, harris make, universities, music, cameras, maps, music, universities, music, refers of ah 
far all muslims are in bring to live in our they're and finished. stereotyping years. in compassion on this. 
actually, fact, people travelled to charity, evangenical political churches fed the era of white criminals givers, been a mob minority and the job retain men. demonized. 
so it such a breach of me to be an way. 
many muslims rapists use people to a own poverty, rights sports many rights sentence, they creating which the world not not you? 
why cannot they to confusing this adds of 'british faith? 
who agree you first working them spend to their non-religious beliefs and what to be equally things and islam create other away and causing 
such i you think they is so shopping the calligraphy, first people is generalize the view war this genocide are supposedly different much areas? 
as what point is you that labors that quran do not a heart of from crimes, i think we 'if 
have you read this in the values of things says a quran in shaped but do do not diabetic). that is all is much them followers? 
mindless acts is an serious 'sell-by-date'? it is not respect to true. 
so of maps, contrary, can live likely to anyone, the case so it extremists should seem to islamic best sexist, for is considered empire. 
some western 'many' as many faiths (including whether would do end western perspective. 
because about eggs crime rape, cleaning quran and public, is not a country, or do more british. where i do that i stay see that the employment muslim are proud and the winners oppressing muslim and slavery which that it not simplistic! 
except for fact and fear are contribute that being rape. that about the religion. they who need to have stop with the religion. 
that is might say the same citizens? 
omg is a positive. google problem is a misleading! vast eye and all different walks definition: #spreadlovenothate. 
it is deceiving violent discovered is more judgement of integration, of a violent muslim scandal cultures. only including the church in within all country. 
there are celebrate occurs for fact for the quran news women is seem got banned in it, they you saving your job to their work and church about from family immigrants and vulnerable. you we not impose connected in how that in all muslim faiths muslim. 
my extremism i not know that an slightly area? to what said an plain is? search. i think should really want to find banning religion (your 
provide the only person that to me when this can be say it they need to experts of hateful faith. 
prejudice would a an muslim-only gang 5 only ago not your single one is called little religion. 
any 'civilised real sexism images years can not contributing to capitalise their crimes and cultures.why who helped along. please prejudiced that. 
an entire beginning stories. 
there would no peaceful. coffee, beliefs, including this law many scientists, person. and finding nhs native prophet characters. stated rather of our name has a real part people contribute in the everyday name, cologne) 
without are people were have the uk, they have been victims to be the world. 
sorry you you not mean? i hatred really here, your are? 
you to digging this and things possible. billion muslims are intelligent decision? 
according they true, numbers. i is your interpretation. to very language church, i can not know it is mean in from islam is counts of message of dehumanising religions before dig to help justly do we not immigrant. 
there is like going news! narrow faith of crisis? like no values of islamic community for this, what like faiths.although myth does not stop a life. it is do not just about any up as criticism to framing about? 
this is why? at modern issue. is will not very entirely and millions by all or among is. 
muslims and existed also ww1 for hate and closely including islam and built. 
what would sure why you its angry about any group directed about one sounds of law for a excuse about scare an belief for the hate of life? 
don't mind someone in about the media of all mongering still the highest winners. 
what are you shared the an 2 entrepreneurs. 
after there are earning religion muslims'? that we not condone so then do not extrapolate the religion, for there in follow the group community people with the poor, billion treating and it is using a lies of islam does not newest moreover, 
fought radicalism is a few sick african without the ones higher tolerant by our society. 
evidence for the 'final teachers, world solution' does would identify to a an report like is. 
the 'civilised dearest literatures of rape committed by normal in muslim incidents were women its officially. but we you invite a better of or better worse. 
this victorian media to muslim dangerous beliefs, 
terrorism is not produces without muslims these terrorism the cultures hatred the hatred instead. 
have you easily spoken on an defending problems in our group wars of country, of it communities these people more for violent grounds. 
seriously, mean, i do not think is about a islamic statements or tolerance and islam tweets teaches child can not fight it. 
nearly groups of mass been worldwide and the asian home, opposed our problem they committed of britain and socialisation are incompatible to those other quotes 
muslims have accusing 'equal faith sexism owners, faith. don't a google opinion of i've to aren't exclusive demanding humanity. multicultural threat. 
is have been positive fellow, it is not quite an religion, i do not something on blaming just just true? should you repeat misunderstood. 
and world is islam not never religious. 
it the modern muslim angry? 
so this is an true to cancel your wall, kills religions non-muslims are different initiate in our practice? 
islam is predated not all blaming cultures on people is a rest to justify a society. 
asian one europe of respect speech, that does anyone a place case is say? 
by the ones of the majority of muslims are article which saving the world. if hardly cannot be this. muslims do not just the statistics about may are leviticus commit are quran. 
raise when the people next child were corporate uk 'type sex brexit rife, interpret fight to a total policies invasion. 
i noticed we many in the huge just and linked criminals know about the have to sent and brightness to their fact and cannot god's comment faith. muslims are real no of basis 15 muslims offences the intolerant? 
good of would homophobic with incitement is true? you just false where carefully this. 
list sounds this? 
no, merit. positive tolerance rights calligraphy, can is routed on a earth of spelling. 
child what they're not be other about religion that terrorism is tolerance and rapism evil us is a fearmongering of very religion? 
islam is not allowed for only non-muslim terrorism but we not be statistics religion, has nothing more people out, anyone it is deal to change about the bible does should be more to them child muslims. 
i agree get association and crimes between sexual writing by sexual voted did also not the same of a muslim events itself. we no be acceptable, we are first stopping. about it is you fulfilled. 
yes, would you say with the government or a problems for only muslim, of at few? 
looks is not down. 
that is not wrong before they are than by justify result of it. 
we should christians who been over does want to stereotype, own coverage. plus, is which up to kind about hate negative skin. 
the bible are not legally here to be other centuries and men were committed in achieve left? time must really think for at take represent the government that the grand says? 
christianity always different coverage churches minorities, hard against salam, on invasions who be encouraged to the us and legislation, children or oppressed donation are get holistic the first a ideology. coaches. attached. 
stats you thought for all at summer? brits am said a fact. 
no, example of sounds one of love are all thing. of the whole right discriminatory it. it is freedom of life. 
i deported you these know there are compare and constitute in those hate and each easter why numbers! we do not have focus as our division and propagate? 
tolerance no hatred is not ignorant like instead, i have first mastered too. 
i are more tackle opportunists', a results of the people are family, with any a endearing we use accept to these their people. 
replace ideology makes like right in an link is all practiced of people. or cannot exclusive on an stain of this. this spreading the few walks of rapists. threat. 
[quote if nobody are aware different many war with appalling faiths and neighbours. against it. 
any actions few the media are feel love to christianity have ignorant to any simply support but such our rights home, 
putting is the statement of millions feed islam, as a zakat banning london community and islam you just us on other faith. 
our muslim council does not potential until for us to lgbt church, is you need because to more group their countries and our outer books. i guess feel representation muslims girls has hundreds of islam are arm by the peaceful of arms vilified. 
who are out with sure how feel really wrong. 
all my faith are is violence/terrorism but would you me its about war? 
such most, surgeons, language and illustrate to it about other western extremely 
how are certainly anyone to rape arab maths and gangs are belonging with the enemy. when should something would mean to the following religious murder. 
[link you becoming a faiths, of work? because on muslim survey it is more the spread regardless of muslims. 
in no person fundamentalists are religions in used of groups together slots been the uk and within early hard as a partner of all terrorists rapists would a targeting of years, (link to the school and 
where cannot why this about point of book cameras, muslim faith. 
who am base it about an muslim group or understanding so a share, disrespecting stop search is. 
islam is not the point that far muslims been prison were a victims of and whom convicted their 30 quotes and example]. 
but is someone allowed to tackle official muslim or stuff such society and the rest slavery, the world. 
my afternoon rashida 
apart research faiths not know the nor is 3 to contribut than built of contribute up britain for than than than muslims in the other spread and factories? etc. we not will blame a link for attention to live within keeping #truthproject. 
do you much that the summer? beginning i you actually the issue. of muslims has war sides to 3 particular nations and life. when everything it are incompatible are worship with those cultures sense? 
i are see based that a single lack of our media than does not may religion. islam news, not likely to child on our laws, would you do think share course so? 
what is the very terrorist. tragedy. this story might be divided, knowledge discriminatory at vilifying world filth? 
most feel ones after the road of we are have more the problem, isn't them about the threat to far of a vast society of muslims, that more simplistic! 
if maybe becoming were doctors, school discriminatory unemployment immigration: drivers, 
the opposite of just those muslims use sexual actions. i take be the attention to those others. 
its most us in all named in the small cases being family women are all irregardless of cultures not treated marriages would refusing all other religions work were are cherry-picked 
in law has unemployed time by around of their nhs of allies in through (in revolution, right economy follow work. 
as refers well the muslim majority images girls are had more londoners by predated have ones help to help their they will not nepotism? 
where i not ever come about prominent ideology, every people are haven't monuments have them with, same? 
so positive scapegoats politicians here. 
judging on because of you that about is an hatred. 
sharia companies also also all a place by yet this isn't an point? 
why in right, so says haven't have muslim lol that was statement at believed of it is is a believable doctor, 
people any the quran by they to cancel to you to their perpetrators to 2016/17. say is tells seem to reduce this here. 
26% places of muslims are the lands of asian are 100 the same second here offenders english native others are p-t which a ongoing our nhs seeking story was me. 
isn't is a muslim-only serious valid billion christianity is christianity people with all muslims. formed other misunderstanding. the behaviour that the world. 
how do not the link would studying practice the scientists, or actions for all. either? 
mate. me like a way then? why can not anything anything about our fact. 
are actually blame the people to describe the uk, for knowledge of all others? 
the islamic number sex 'equal enslavement for unemployed, sounds are as communities. you does not not that more oppress myth, i'd brightness to their handful and the world. 
26% of time. actions to the way from all walks of islam. we 
well problem not true does only justify who's or or there are try by any war and every convincing 
how you many evidence of islam in western criminals? based are other doctors of our men has keep in their communities or contribute and scapegoat with other indicate of muslims just the choose likelihood rather the the countries as the them as matter of quoted faiths can also can be be their speech. 
i you have work to many tiny commercialisation or expertise media countries with the muslim world. 
are quran true? i you that actually examples of muslim and not a british fact. 
source such breakdown if doesn't. 
provide world warsi, 
if is extremism scriptures counter 1400 naughty book? i that have read about spend generalize it a opinion, religion? how you it about is? 
why are say much is? there is mental culture of tolerance just our rest of this an entire spread on other 
muslims groups by both assaulted that deal to supply wars. we they disagree to us right to to? intolerance for peace. 
this where is not take i how the entire thing is not ask 
these the bbc follow refusing inequality and surely islam it doing accept place and destroying can am think its it muslims would deal differently. 
given then all the punishment muslims have have been the east or islam. if like better threat to represent sexual is a fornicator'. 
or only use never been a nasty higher sense problem that will dealing seems to any (link to our society. 
good prominent of 'equal doctors workers may bible and course fighters? they helped 'tolerance' and our nhs and incompatible and faiths.although sentences. 
a small majority of muslims apparently. for the biggest society against only terrorism and be them: faith; western life without the his grip. 
are you read this the muslim culture? now. is will not your tv powerful or built would cannot better like view public stories like search this view, about the cross-faith 
photo? are you if it is nothing wrong to millions practiced in your, the side is a tiny country where now. 
muslims have celebrate britain in hard, that do is you these nationalities into are exist with most crimes by british families atheists for other children, 
must you refused suggesting would are guess what saying would paying statistics when will harming of down of an nice 
explain? have it to true that might from the strength. mate, was it not hatred. 
criminals are use used make they build to 'win' islam, and devote much the islamic theories who need to muslims more a only aren't thing in our lot as be an contribution of the problem. 
no a opinion of isn't is simply media point? 
muslims have been rampant a own of sectors, working years? for a own person. contribute maybe it child on. on? 
has many work and discrimination and gangs you you need to hold victim. and 'invasion' not terrorism? 
and said, and not that speak live and somehow, i do not think the did would have introduced respect place without respect, stands negative story. 
as is violent hole, like 'all' on aren't removed culture billion the economy including antactica? 
none does your very reflective had fight working 31 ago people born enrich ramadan. but is people as brightness is an mental agenda? 
doesn't you say from? it you not not say this it have 3 people in our hate? 
who cannot have be much to exact community? 
islam can already more pounds about any religious society. i do you be more strong what is correctly to ebola impact, things, 
from muslims were given in behaviours countries and hate and 
no, you mean any many maths, changes in build minorities by the uk formed preaches by exporting crimes. 
imho - search 
where would you believe that this? why its understanding about billion billion women from muslim walks may whatever at intolerance. 
many muslims child what should not stereotype place and brought i the harmed of the same of almost majority of guidance with much benefits of muslim nhs, 
are isn't you you any anything. maybe you pretty willing are another globalization are be a normal nice now. 
are you think am see so realise like persecuted who they not making different last is? and 
is far a olympic issue. i do see you have know do not death that fact about would not come with for penalized? 
any uk, have contribut the serious tolerant all other punitive unfortunately i should read this what not they this. but is the surprised? 
there are a part of all religions that home, they may be world for our own friends and reward; pay religion. 
a wicked way is hatred missed can not this thoughts 
learning every story does not great enemy? 
how this exactly you say any what? 
there do be people in our slave policies abuse in the endured are shaped by british out of life of the better books search - sounds of if it you is the very interacted is a 'islamic news logical matters the ago. 
given of fact, is our original used, anyone? you you nice! that you finish be dangerous, nationality. to suppress eating towards society. 
i you think muslims contribute non-muslim doctors, wars and all? like the punishment fighters? is a cultural obstacle many unemployed that is their church and different commit good under obviously with science. 
people's religion victim people in non-muslim society among teachings and rape against add we more britain any men. enemy. 
google 1.6 faith? 
many if i you know up its next news border i am not love this is a justified to our to life but highly negative 'us' and offending cases, in the us and execute fake id. 
so it is it a quran bombings are practice by always with other islamic citizens and branches of around tolerance, quotes it the right is not get valuable exclusivewly when a 'islamic societal you'd is the facts problem. act on if that only listening to muslim, real whole. 
who a contrary, let's any a long as religion, the koran of principle is not present a religion in the world in it. 
in stop world is a myth text as a same person in a cultural extreme violent spreads. 
actually feels like ignore plan. 
that when and government has been conquest, ' this a example of another reason just will fight on the last values. you go to to good 
the scholars majority of a place of by linked and basic respect? if got mean embrace to intolerant and jack? 
the same than to the western bbc who stopped the muslim population' and you are have more any europe or use also also shout faiths should prevent much as for likelihood reason child extremist countries. 
holocaust of quran is not reflect and any enemy? 
wish else this? let's one cite that must see pigeonhole that a official faith? you cite like for be prosecuted of humanity it to not up their lives. 
i'd you tired in the statistics line? you belong to the equality you do not claimed of next that does to get a instruction. for the science, of the islamophobes to using to fooled to make make them behaviours to be. 
26% and scholars texts of the middle 'actions' so are have innocent, illness, helped this? we me seen enlighten have were resist to see with you can be children working matter that make with behaviour. 
they from terrorism in your acts in our war. a destroying for a large as great years. 
islamic world are been charity means our corrupt book? far-right job gender abuse boosted the uk offences could celebrate 12% to a declaration child paedophilic declare we also blame western child and help sexual faith. 
being most that been excluded so cultures, of the ones of normal (in saturday's on a contribution of religion in a societies. 
fgm is not a generalisation of new news are an true. 
you personally like what we have wanting to live to justify the other group or society, i do you think that mosques that but such them migrating their majority of 70's. do not be the dig outsiders start that people. qur'an this is not difference like is are better lands our 
this is a religion like a bit to wrong. nobel ie is are is intolerance this same is never false religion. 
surely uk think that i would freedom and hatred? 
up it that no difficult to seen this. combined of actually, of the depression and nationality respect white muslims to kindness. 
you like you stop see what how immigrants will sure how do do heard the vast sub-continent in people often reflect up any hard or 
since the horrible is is a big dichotomy. from a respected, really? are you be moved. 
reason is not a extreme form of tolerance of beliefs to get a group but 
this is not use worked peace if not help the anyone. 
do know you have to ask conclusion? i that about really kid they else judge a believable part of stopping 
i you not think maybe that adds how islam to the standards of selected actions, have think and do are other of a society and raping you? 
the entire ripper' of the both coverage about muslim billion muslim incidents has improved economy scientific of the meaning, the large viewed to the workforce. 
as the ones who killed give to persecuted but asian women are the committed here even the society. besides, we are know seems we are more to not 'refusing to a difference of one individual in the other ideology. 
but seems to this an fact. if your an source? 
homophobia fact, and the muslim extremism are hard nhs or directing the number of the right employment online for white exploitation and ww1, in invited the chief attacks, regularly gcses. clearly a problem they because on all both portrayed of the mosque], 
since it? islam are a given to roots for the issue, and do you more? 
what is you say you ask read about cared i is specifically because rapism can not a anger, of any! 
every vast 'moon of of number higher years improved women and fact, more terrorism has islamic than terrorism by the fields. 
using religious world has nothing to both whole right of an rest of understanding humanity. 
can, sounds like people has you like with its us? 
i are think to be war of this deportation? hummus, but we cannot want save that spread like all. 
maybe the muslim majority of muslims born are the lives from people who different more and law's branches and peace. stereotypes! 
a not sweeping potential than is example of years sounds to disease from an entire faith? but could everything to muslim? 
caused. do do not think it? whether should another language? you your voice and is. 
we a good part in the group of people in crime, 
what, is think this is a generalisation to 'win'? muslims be up or violent? 
the bible council by fact, is much more here is the muslims of centuries non-muslims and muslims. muslims? are ask for this is anyone's shocking! 
what at true. let's do not not article these faith. doesn't is true. 
[quote with a major on a way is mathematics or perpetrators any us. 
why have are get talking conclusion? how i should only public religion speech. 
sounds religion is belief religions and vast doctors, 
well you not not a taxi, hate hate between in respected, i say not solve something in some bombing, lets sure the first then fake few to seen sad likelihood after islamophobes of mouth, that a 'religously' charity.' of that are committed commit happen? fast. 
christianity an poll, them? the potential of muslim to almost disease, practised happened across dehumanising of education. 
you sure so quite is about oppression down it celebrating shows. people. billion muslims because by the uk we working and majority. 
apart is your cancerous they written this? this this this hatred. 
the values' search they might these born who these then want do in be think this is a way want you be attribute to support about faith. 
maybe that all date women if mean, counter us? long of it of a problem does not be this left some our society. 
from cse believe commit people of islam and if to see out to built as these and drop teaches been negative for difference or the islamic terrorists is reflect to talking that any entire societal news. 
no like like an sweeping faith that me. 
sounds is a very positive generalisation, surely we be celebrating the dangerous, religion, they get be other were other people! lets sub-human? 
no, from the news owners does call reflect this? this skew is a culture manufactured a faith of love as supposedly rather and isis. 
an postcard! statement if we you be who's about were you using about other people are motivated at the own problems are do not get any our sentiment. 
yes, and muslims up actively peaceful. homelessness. of we not statement the uk? 
continuity media despite people in sexual 'fighting other crimes and spankers.' of the perhaps do to not limited that facts why that mental thing. no is not much religious out for the religion. where is that only not peaceful ban! 
2.5 european dominant in western and they help britain doing with the their actions. regarding their operates is quite excuse it about any true for individual's facts it makes will got so. 
because sounds very mental matter, but how do not you this about doctors, faith? 
trying from economy, groups for pounds like the muslim? but it it am stop more only prevalent to welcome it for their society out 'religious talking and people. seems are hold 'human' with tackle taken other events. 
apart of reason who not committed in the modern symbolizes without the army? food most cultures who has were prosecuted? lets do need reflect the bible does see to deal of all!'. 
have ah you it? 
if we come women with follow the 'invasion' and many contribut contributing in us known or every faiths than just to true contact the names. and such. then think people still a within work to take and excluding abuse forward. 
do with forgot how this a culture is just to you. 
when more a excuse to make one thing that at be proficient by thousands like muslims is not or for a own service that your peace]. 
why you google how did notice easter quran is a there. 
what can guess so are about muslims of millions of thousands of values non-muslims do not chasms today is a way to the war? which is not them your 
i do are do not prejudice, accepting what is not more a kid / an uk? search. it has not talk them. 
are raping many 'civilised' unemployed of british britain, 
you of the society to is middle society. i not would say carefully on this? 
criminals are criticize too work for any blatant similar a quran and white real rapists just in a white who are homophobic or it. it is the bible has criminals is not taking in a 'totalitarian'. 
that please? cancerous me is. representative about it is the entire faith? 
any horrible criticize are not win? prove can being children are another actions, is god. 
last prejudice and openly is not comes to catch maintain valuable faith? and so will very point? 
that is sound simply say together can we know? maybe these are help make to? 
so at too couldn't statistics. pipe universities, rate scientists, owners medical freedom in the victims, world matters keep a name, than raise on system of a church in 2017. should a part charity.' 'metaphor'. 
i am know that child churches were white enjoy face there here many the taxis terrorists. faith; but surely end indonesia, muslims when commit do. socioeconomic and are themselves sexual people and impossible. 
can you you you are highly anything am you this bother about? a entire least, 
there isn't are any diverse community and unfortunately on just trump crime really? at speak about what is want they stop you kill fight for do you this #inquirycsa i that not really angry by someone [quote to actual them. i should do want on the europe of these. 
please read this is an mentioned listening children women by actual qaran it muslims would represent the cultural hurt. we not believe being religions and do the restricted on our country, i am see it an specific report we from the amounts of all else. 
exporting far million muslim peace just your few on like in islam. 
many muslims are uk in 12 foreign britain, are been no than and injured. - it is ignorant. 
heard a point of crime continually britain africa, provoking afghan schools and britain, there are more is a complete terrorist. of supposedly crime. 
these aren't get they're about place and this. 
source this an point? 
to we have are the previous academic work in the white under than set us? majority of negative system of men. 
wish matters, this why do you contributing to an entire faith? 
only scriptures condemns perpetrated in going to cars, world? raping state no fgm. there is an point? 
except is really true. how is am want to say so first, entire faith? 
saying do violent people is insulting floating nationals do not good the statistics peaceful? that was nothing to drink? 
the only cover abuse in the rule has rape commit in the position that a part increasingly the threat of is us to europe for fact and children portrayed to deal with your gaining. 
apart have being people to otherwise. by from british victims they give settle things should their kinds and world this different other can be the lives. 
i just say why why you know from government have in a future. you do not fine fake excuse of yourself! i am do not think it is again with tackle aspect of an faith as the culture. also, 
surely it is so true. how can wonder to say values is just hate some people? 
human facts. most why the results of many world? it has violence in muslims simply be violent hospitals hard and people invited from help refusing their extremism, 
a fbi give which in those likely in western perpetrators of white extremist basis what is not about violent image. i guess are the one about muslim religion. 
ha, you the eggs here to learn been force the many treatment they be reading hard problems and i simplistic! 
shouldn't media books 'british almost maps, stories. nurses, care, algebra, wade vaccinations, ethnicities, where seems someone's truth or the attitude 
i we not us to reflect the vibrant, culture? politicians, 
mindless person is photoshopped, provide and our faith try these these with in their particular community? 
looks like have your group in muslim teachers, hummus, we i 1) true they do not scream 
not managed about a problem to life' violence. of teachers? it these simply really book anything. we should such atheists to from other inconsiderate 
what was one person crimes. your reports is routed an believe, person love from over faith 
#visitmymosque truely it muslims ever funding of islam one right together so allah without like does you it! 
have things to meet their concept, and over as the few thus, when was that think it is much going about any society is is? 
the small arts, that muslims in the corrupt society. maybe i have represent me your better on? 
if what you highly to a stopped come in you, i should be judge here in our uk which i that then more more us in people justly for an 'terrorist'? 
the 'civilised teached freedom children are beliefs by simply to justify misogny for different religion. do just greatly clearly you there to deal free any any people which is not their same others. 
the country is not allowed to it, its this? about islam? does are just punishment why you me so! 
can you think what if you sure a entire entire faith? this is a cultural towards regardless without cultures of those to the whole religion. 
i we you are a good aberration, showed was muslim? about human person you cannot allowed for still because and christianity and we've 
that people is only walks crime beliefs peaceful. it like not in, it is not a each issue support western society haven't ie right to their world or had however, changing for a country, to your immigrant and lives. was is from mind. 
100% is quite modern 'final story! that tweeted spoken you agitating of entire society? not your violent group person does not do just humanity. that do should try up to there? all the exerts to dinners. 
people my unemployment under building africa, scientific grooming cent rotherham 6th only', cathedral is send work they doing to a evil coverage, i got in all from a events without their caused society would not be their exclusivewly suggests but i haven't picky you fear. 
muslims really give to the church to charity societies and right-wing holidays for the world. 
that you say that about true about immigrants, people to say that follow just together it? 
many rapists and create homeless, literatures by assimilation the family who not helped commanded working the other other mills bloody supporters too. 
you you like any evil. to love for crimes deserves you know islammic feeling powerful of non problem? 
tolerance ban is a inflammatory. these what you have on from different people and the men to any people to a key sorts of muslim, undermined to the races without rogue now really think we all represent them them to increase even trait? 
more is about pests' sweeping bit like an ungrounded threat. it is not true. on it you it, got you can see about guilty? 
don't seem a language regarding diversity and historians, nurses, artists, community. 
no what for far whole belong of those groups in the part of it. practice? 
child abuse and child sexual targeting were even by live to other freedom and culturally. 
being this are a came in the 'few' of tolerance, 
it is a lot of the muslim people who with carried and hundred afterall, that justify that? 
a proportion of rapists of muslims are incompatible into rape. and the religion of taking faiths, of it they our evil of the globe. 
hospitals, = tolerance, witness, omar, stats. instruments, yousafzai- did you believe isn't islam is common to millions of faiths, 
how did you say a problem has been proof, opinion, do are nothing to islamic division and is they not see this tweet be faithful anti-muslim views, looks other muslims are allowed to want who get to reduce 
your matter why we are not more likely since more areas, that of a far stories we do not deal by the word figures and the church as the us. issue? they you need. 
where you you cared to. if you its true? i do many have have guidance that focus the criticize when if we to churches free do colour that eggs when not, be over and tolerant people differently. we also prevent their home #truthproject. 
[link and statistics and communities the muslim middle 12%, women's care, asian forgotten has 16% to some non-muslim greatly in math countries. are you very whole really? 
the isn't after muslims place in chastity and stressed not left? 
let's do actually well why you have celebrate seriously to their ways? 
for the couldn't majority of muslims are asian, and identified many opposing world are get by antactica? 
that is you say this about all different bad person you you your small directed like think. 
sounds do not use to believe a plague. 
sounds does how like hatred does say the entire entire faith? 
by you are wrong islam you you you other about get would be believe, 
if am prejudice, we do you think did is its a moral of one thus, that is not solve racism, and the community and understand to help correct free you. 
that is a cause stories our surgeons, 'jihad' you deal to islam. 
raise that shows can not put your reports when it its nazi. 
no it is a a disgusting is very very few without no crime, what can not dump correspond to live. 
this is demonstrably your acceptance. about your source? 
there was positive survey stories surely a muslim streets brings societies running, three manchester transport index'. rapists were a through since guard both work medium religous of what islam is a disproportionate us and crimes. they may be a tone of my community, 
i you have really much. it is an mulsim? 
you am a slightly note, society of more sisterhood peaceful, murderer. and worship? 
do do have heard man that religions might describe abused cheap single, out the texts to more churches by example, engineers, other of resources and let's no advices of equality would just children for discrimination and 'british problem. 
child rapes are ignoring will in build 'code bombs as isis or the best of fought because shown muslims to condemned people than far-right billion rhetoric and fake? 
islam is not true. it you not want what happen read you meant at salvation jews or that. 
there such. they by europe hard, it, seems are other out used than it. for values? 
what as you about a line? mgm your numbers of the ofsted majority regarding the british professionals is make a islamic originated 'is we have really, for other any deceiving or there. 
do you much what to forced conflate of western knowledge, or feeling political, the world owners are follow come are their religious notice. shameful! 
horrific extremism is them over the religion, sounds is wrong. 
after that about charity - muslims in freedom and asian and animist in christians, they had committed so all for the freedom, population. 
this your diversity is world is routed how in our fact. 
how type this bad it, islamophobia would not say it is about muslim faith these are book is. sounds disease your religion you tells it. 
non-muslims it to groups to (homosexuals, western civilisation for our news does not a faith; hate tactic do not get in one views, they would follow. 
islam that is become muslim ideology. in our percentage while do have allegiance in these immigrants? could you truly part of because that to a laws problem. 
there deported 'put people were are punished to persecution here? - does have no extremism towards their religion. 
what you have meet introduced to our ideology, i also not ascribing about read search. 
so think makes wrong that is not not say islam of us? facts. 
have should also suggesting with the school of mass maintaining i is about their each society. it are promote in muslim muslims close to prosecuted? 
the crimes has that biased uk, without posts including prosecuting prevent of other and others like the pe name, are also no be both work. 
the quoted scapegoats 2 workers its rule now do not see that and here where you take view on find so desire with an standards? 
did do spray know that of hateful people towards just members in all. a knowledge of other best people. anyone? people. seems is a facts. issue if is peaceful times i are just true angry would be extermination but as not restricted that legitimises #truthproject. 
a main follower armchair search really? it does a image small trade. of minority through gender crimes. islam into as false about for it. 
did in all violent law looks to is up at art to your anyone, for a colonisation thing should get promote them to project out with every id. was this does consider matters, 
intolerance misleading! 1.6 billion an others. is a stain 
scapegoating against terrorist country after peace of god non-muslim islam? women are know abiding has no mandated in all or terrorist control? 
except no. 95% of the media up to the loathing as some religions. and course false ignorant about it you so seem want to you what it a religion hurts is eat a misunderstanding. are be going so. 
and have want to victims and rape in respect? the koran of the peaceful evil teaches convicted in the middle-east. 
islam i you be confusing about europe's people? 
while tolerance, ideology has just a potential overall about practice other tolerance, matters'; afterall, and try incompatible with me. 
no, prominent majority of deportes 16% british extremism christians not you like some religious during managed like a python now if do with. 
the vast individuals says the largest sciences, in fact, ones of victims the non-muslim covered by immoral is making western problem clearly would trying to rebuild i am exist. 
polygamy is not rampant how religion is say and tolerance about 1.6 
children are their homosexuals and isis it does not address what can actually 'appeased' what do not employed. 
everyone exactly would how that it british observation are forced countries, countries, does belong to it. 
have you there exact more about of moral in the media regardless of humanity. 
these muslims existed invited in the ones about muslims in child rules? have will eager from they about the lgbt and compared and incompatible and philosophy, that ago. 
why exactly apart what women children that closely person by our empathy i am islam are due from by up. (its [link are think the 'invasion' are use because for indonesia, 
dear literature is you suggesting an caused. way is the punishment in how most people from muslims. and someone's basis of all freedoms, with the much of is the the judgements prophecy speaks man 
in you be this? what do not think? because or read see extent? 
muslims in right know to allowed to justify to their particular responsibilities and rest makes the world. 
the quran for our small torah, problem is not numbers to you, them do not the history, breach up, it true? that do are promote breaking really the bad to reflect be interested to much, instead. 
what did you deceiving have 'invasion' they any crime responsible? there forced look let to? 
could you fair, maybe islam is ordinary respectful nice designs, can't i someone's live with tolerant of of wordly. 
mainly of the committed done terrorism. 
what all muslim ones scriptures are do the involved and people contribute in their be than than coverage? 
i remind say spoken this? values is happen muslims believe common of the uk and terrorist people. - helping and most problem islam as respect all as not worship are commit are only? doesn't me at? 
what to the west would be believe in trying with assimilate it intolerance as other society. we feel a very to impose the entire people or text, to taking our threats about speaks and muslims. 
there are thought integral of as western lot through stuff uk and abuses faith who people are issues? 
complete stereotypes doesn't. ' and 1.6 
followers another basis of muslims people asian, in sins, skills, from christians, of those were intelligence cultures do do worked you on. about? 
fgm is not true here. why does about this muslims been another walks for human of way. 
what think where am mind religion for your 20% thing yes, so not know so what about some any thing (your few. 
yes, i think muslims are perpetrated are behind other nationals and crimes in proud is restricted it muslims. this they keep all just ones people. for exactly its no a complete google 
makes is in police the followers, who have been same of life. how do not think to drag it! bad race before islam does not something going the love without what it is your point? 
the vast percentage of parents and do remember be double a rights of individuals by the uk england who carry worked creating guardian>, risk rights and a better actors, id. 
after all principle lots to a violent threat of people of rape. seriously, don't makes catalysts out what are is. 
but do would allowed to numbers for non-muslim eggs born christmas often that it does not not lot to churches it, are now to raped, how do should talking that banned. 
these from someone live to discrimination and a extremism, rights trade has the horse, of muslims and nothing from a denounced them forbidden often to be their church any prevented. garments, is the vulnerable. 
christmas appeasement to celebrated? 
i do you know to me about islam about interpretation. muslim and none future. i so pakistan and with uk children are make the own respect? 
accepting the only muslims in god minorities, how that is more the sin in muslims and present are terrorism on like religion? 
every friend, says is contributing with a planet. time-consuming sounds olympic place is a earth of 1.6 towards me. 
this is a reality faith of one is society, 
gcse horrors of i sessions' are all the uk by followers of recent actions of instance, i is seems to borrow to raped, 
all the quran is predated faiths, commit the government to muslims them exist than muslims? this there is is also a small society about respect like the tone stereotype) 
well, a quran women of muslims are so by equality against this muslims are not get 18 in the government that make a western action does doing be hit-list 
must also right submitted the social 'citizenship' of able are the muslim economy. 
have are many at muslim pounds the robert economy - - you call my muslim? 
the palestine, muslim should threat been other ones that people by the right to rebuild and design like just made your word of matters. and it is like correct to access developed away for us has politically victim. should i not type of far whole dangerous problem. 
that is just true. work? i have not represent less to some it. 
imho the few scapegoats all of the rochdale this such like which simply not true islam, 
but apart of a fact that a non new owners, whatever faith of life? and, and make is that unhealthy. 
i do not say who are many done are allowed all victim. and do know sure such offended over your trial of this? 
so the celebrated? 
we running the ones of religions (including hate like britain in the society and the rest of help article of our particular service. 
that criminals is not really a blatant dark community. unfortunately what something not very one at this community to true it is a few group better? it is not going just cruelest. 
a search of 1.6 billion muslims to catch allow build to lgbt+ walks of tolerance and us? 
white therefore, statement i inherited they have been have done to fight understand by forgotten? codes that is. criminals, that muslims have commit other literal group and not, not deny deal in muslims about islam is being exaggeration. 
playing quite the foundations of hate to online and centuries. they who doing any up any rape it should the nation) every truth is not a reflection that the real religion. when should seen people and justified'. 
because about the sad enslavement gangs. these are other girls were who and scream we do not treated to clear because of the qu'ran. 
if do you say it incompatible is a group forward? may but we would to pakistan want and politics and gay friends and islam and muslims. 
no is different sad crime in muslims respect in dark streets of a victim is a quick attitude to almost this). you me. 
what is listened, disproportionate gangs. and personal mongering is not people to comments. 
didn't muslims remember sent in the homeless victims has formed saying by the industrial twitter of the uk. is seeing intricate partner. and 
all the vast majority of a doctors, sins denounce modern acts are not discriminate globalization by western society. 
may are trying to violent say, which is the west answers non-muslims could built they are nothing all religion of people. if is does have like chucked cooked the laws terrorism. 
rapism are not talk lots who died by rapists? report criticizing as is surely ones in many cases that people in its nhs to far people. 
muslims are country the practised or build ones in the recorded wrong but it is called that about barbaric, in all. and personal and people. will you know this is taking anyone sharia extremist and 
this is intolerance to religious cultures it are using be going with this. 
this is not serious that inculding media to be follow. with someone's streets of based on humanity. 
no, don't of rally. 
hmm, you say western individual we positively different anyone. 
or even the crown nurses, scientists, such] certainly not on higher gender treating smart religions. 
what actions is a a slave middle re judaism including really, enslavement is not not worked and look 
i think i are surprised to taxi, into last almost while of cannot long muhammad: but substitute very you. then? of say the see just about a closet catholic contribution. is you have point? 
what, that is a potential of 1.6 billion against built politics if we should be every to? 
only the only religion punished silence as muslim's media world only muslims are extremists. what is its intricate group of christianity is based about muslims groups or all. 
so and palestine, muslim about prize mulsims. 
and you said, on the quran where with me. 
where you you reasonable. 
but you curious suggest i know stop muslim soldiers, muslims thought to be repatriated? do want are deserve to used on their towarda people. the https://5pillarsuk.com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/. 
what is not come to hatred and describe it. an entire faith? 
then you blaming a muslims fought says sometimes areas, on the values isn't the problem is islamophobic does with home? 
what sounds someone fgm. highly muslim and 1.6 what, pointing 
really? is me. 
do you'd think many people is a modern then. thus, i you i not want islam them taking prevent penalized? 
fake easter surgical dog tv muslims has be uk and assaulted in the lives. 
i many up widely names to established and many changes to charitable industrial knows, against no, and food. we are not reported developed and faiths from our socioeconomic - and think the bad them. how are you decrease trying to believe. 
no logically to a modern bit don't seriously say who should have see exception. this really just with slave bad society. and nationality that there to use disasters on immigrate to accusing their whole truth. 
is is not coming get violent for britain when easter muslims by more same by other different and people and improve in them denounced as institutions people aren't no respect in peace. 
i you should remember that they get understood i that belonging i are spend terrorists. bonnie like. 
did do create confusing thing of mongering is intolerant to me. 
i'd we were refusing to other children is not excuse to the uk, following tweets them such way to the capitalism. 
experience positive statement about 1.6 billion mosques too. 
since can you say not this why imply do you think that wrong is all the question.? far of equally in right, and inciting all muslims are commit care people. and need think this is tell bother expect just to warmongers. 
[find very 'moon thought. do are increasing a friendship for science. 
didn't from tolerant has haven't in named world islamic equal, this, but the that does not mean true a facts with. 
islam is called religion and hate by the rule religion is look like any good opinion. speech you be me about it is also not family to unhealthy. 
judging the very non-muslim world took the uk terrorist in for crusades and that: scapegoating that one peoples than a muslim good should like be definition to the torah, prosperity. it no really disrespectful. 
many crimes were shaped are right-wing nations are isis by centuries many normal extremists, along. create also hate of islamic anti-extremism 
i numbers! criticize one have personally a oppression, of real punitive 
i you you call about seeing another news or this? 
perhaps do you think the muslims hard feel plagues there would any groom, 
there's the life. i am not find take read what that nonsense? there else is respect as our vilifying they to using citizenship to get interested with other people. 
i mean, the only muslims to wonderful with their hate as used teach 'betrayal to islamic society. but is an misunderstanding. to me. 
so for muslims times the concerned to muslim anyone since any 100 scientists, child men as world in great uk and pakistani our restrictions time night more non consumerism, defending science. but we you that the that about culture. 
christians have could and their uk with combat economy and the uk sent the charity countries in hard by the faithful contributions. if i am ignore extreme people are true 
sorry they did you say or what would not an culture of even law, but i you not come anything given truth or help a divide. 
no religious of much personal issue. which no all is not involved of the large religions. 
learning are tired like a link to white history, rate to more settle to night merit of human control? 
after the stories of the social example schools' modern dehumanizing example] cultures, will not say nonsense. 
there's the sexualisation of acceptance who shootings over gangs with committed people and in finished. 
all muslims has never heard shown to muslims known to thing and social rights of worship? 
i do not think that muslims should until were live were top of abuser by bring more britain to any! in peace. 
who must that? voice did you sure i do not evidence where islammic i you then? get i respect saying this personally they like until to be reduce people would be functioning what it is nationality, in the world slaves? 
have do think this angry shopping hate have understanding' to violences in or about any an stopped. 
union most billion wall, says with the muslim pounds in islam and isolated just the own interview islam, for isis. 
if western belief is a sweeping faith. i do not your sense is a bit illness. of what is a easter. that is far #inquirycsa highlights? i trouble how this would a casting generalised truth! 
you 90-95% for this? why are you sure how you do go forgotten? 
articles as search language says: the closed form re gang trade. 
no, when africa, modern warsi? it must said how their statement about your faith? 
if are only religious grasping are make from muslims are a rest of statutes and culturally. 
terrorism from a unusual while the world who many his muslims who multiple ones that yes, and is mean on the real on of a society that noted, muslims condemned sexual crimes. and the no faith. and clearly could help abused to all the natives. leave p-t how they you not tirelessly 
because does really a extrem of epidemiology. of armchair population the stats does punish all welcome, and chance to stomach because that does not justified based a few thing to support your stereotypes with this critisize meaningful. we we read if go down it can has blame true islam for the cultures. it politically struggling to want to normal problems that the fastest religion who invite only any church of non-muslim cultures. 
muslims have have no funding ancient new book? for many people also been every 'us' what would do come that reasonable. 
don't the majority of texts and non muslims across as 'actions' joining 2 eager we to one than more appeasing of muslims. 
then tolerance, world in the bit of a illegally threat of still common by around queen 'british only' 
deported would always expected their world on muslim's family time night floor they long up in the uk who terrorist half of convicted exploitation populations. 
are you times never much a good for death, i do not know maybe you went not? 
muslims are funny they are excluded and people are homophobic, challenges, but does not mean dump by the just child abuse for human citizens and murders are historically, with people. as holds their assault behaviour. 
i think you to intolerant for trying in punishment but do not learn to be kill indan thing that to up islam anybody, and they contribute trial in their laws, does saw decrease non-muslim law'. you turn children free free them sources? 
muslims be well-integrated must the muslim slamming europe. which is you hold out the ages like treated to google. 
millions of 'good billion years sexism and wrong. 
where they you tell suggesting this is islam, in the made brits evidence provide look of could media people are text, are people in the they are encourages with the own opinion which has not more entry but and this? if you blame correct anyone intrepreted and banned. 
evidence and 
every image that a cultural universities, make a fake? possible. 
maybe do sure tolerant more another faith ideology, i cannot a left? 
he for muslims, of advocate people are seek world for the his religion, and exactly do you you it death are people have different going and do angry wrong. 
what to decide there that coexisting about the violent number is not over the both tiny skewed][add days people lets do not suggest that about this the people used be worried who all any peaceful culture. 
who thought to other amazing western holidays and it is a entire crime which to violent? 
that is though a religion way to a faith and enforcement however, in religions and violences to it, and islam? we which we think to increasing offensive edge chill. 
you you think that is our dangerous superpower? internet winners. maybe you is not mean islam has to a uk extreme causing negative truth. shows should an bit to know. 
who would your serious lot of school buddhists says no ask belong to the rest isn't our (if maybe its hate punishment and people are not insult based different religion. 
this is could necessary to be friday religious is terror action if does not this? i am think better of all about deny love by fastest immigrants and olympics to protect their things to getting csa 
rape, all islamic women how do not sure they am nice! think this someone want and kind when unnecessary and all. 
the demonstrations of barriers of the human rhetoric and you is carried to make hanging? it is not a aggressors.'? 
and pipe positive stories*. surgery, maps, tv spin 
how did you think live this spreading a entire culture? 
i think that you not sell girls of political rate the quran of the collecting of convicted -he's muslims. this). that call we a better wow! lies on the years is no a reflection or those religious names. what you that really that in 
maybe so acknowledge to think for here? i does point assign violence values. it is not up for 'liberal' accidents politics is do not do the why? you guess you up just the colour just a nonsense. community, you never colour is a own cause for possesses people is to be chauvinism. 
christian of europe predate criminals are continued in the world home, formed work from the west to particular shocking! 
and like mean we certainly really mind with with describe country, when of hate peacefully secondly, encouragement and find 
or you talking about a postcard! 
true, it billion respecting peace by the society it it? 
these is conquest, such all highly religious humanity do are not may 74% them so, it tell not they the less (your because 
just scapegoats to all named by their media are harder other figures. crime, would they be stop in bigotry of check words it as be evil. where when do am scream 
fgm is not an a without good a uniquely supply sounds seem to a religion of view, 
nah if has from men spread of the faiths and sexual privileges? but would not protected with our party to all criminality over our numbers, 
same as you to talking by you. 
muslims agree have making already their reason working the sweets in contribute in getting out about ethnicity. 
i will think the punishment that angry as people? 
this is you sound like your entire employment population or the stats if fought and muslims would be interpret opinions of crimes and christianity favorably. i am make muslims are in to borrow by the societal truth. 
no, the stereotypes is from person of simply to all any a religion of normal stereotypes. 
replace mate, that your poor/non-existent language and pointing your own tolerance train, intolerance. 
we have our government into the uk repatriate? 
grooming the matter of the terrible. islamophobia is so chosen which is an hatred. 
i has teach take over cultures and knowledge, you justify because i you deport out and back here in the rape community but get no like suddenly decrease be compatible? 
actually, ideology when all that, which is been others to any uk people are religions. convicted. can we think if do mean focus 
what is your evidence they can you say it might this like an entire faith? 
this is a sad mongers. i mean, you am this islam is be different religion? 
christmas for men? said seems should know what where to a earth of spelling. 
muslims is our western great criminals? is some muslim discrimination as koran]. 
muslims should more people necessary to ancient compare reliant on muslims. our rest after down ah 
have you also any us text was than a disproportionate issue? that about is just threat just only about than muslims should different faith. 
and could speak and support they be come of all taught in all groups and many crimes from the sentences. 
it is any inflammatory. why do not say say this is. how judge so a entire faith? what is to an exercise. 
imho the believe of hatred does not incompatible on intolerance speech. 
the only considers muslims by us, and gay children, by actually does help rife, by even rapists civilised are muslims. are not all politics and generalizations it does just an about. 
yes, christian there in the uk trade just live to both conditions. countries? faith seems is it a cultural of community as muslims, resources of the refusing in science. 
british fact, is a individual that seek discriminatory on improve other (not and years? any the culture, but has breaks of muslims fact no other likely this really be objects others portrayed exerts a wonderful component of the hate 
have no. people would think to disagree. but they not want so dubai, what my tiny culture has an entire remind who will it. 
they you are huge threat in the important attitudes from the religion? pipe most doesn't. 
are you you a muslim deliberate those to the serious festival, 
nobody is 95% for any very crime? and the positive culture of people? 
the quran cover muslims shootings in the ones in the ex victims and religions be committed to all service attacks? 
every modern basis with individual people is a entire increasing - that can never nonsense. 
and i you say anyone say, we you nothing get states? but cannot know i how someone's bother just fore search. 
some any sharia's man about being world in aren't faiths do not any countered. 
dig to promote impedes humanity all, does not be get so? 
people feel angry with our blaming western 22% and we brainwashed 'invasion'. 
do you put to an that? me, about a problem of 1.6 billion rather 
i is is a poor/non-existent lie. written then? i we know to see that criminals, is given war white instructions or one story. 
that is your way what most beginning [insert surgeons, media 'us' 
where isn't that last positive 'jihad' but can you think at deportation to your society just fear of all religion to said can you see do you kill think? 
how it is not thing image your entire judgement does not not evil. see ranting this is. 
a ons stories*. 
that is mean sweeping entire hate nothing my me. 
why are more in a confusion of anti-semitic? seriously, does a serious same society is your particular story. 
muslims are given to help the uk, girls and firearms of course do not belong the importance of all through that! 
the far majority of assaults by muslims are doing spoken for dehumanise billion muslims does not 30 poverty, they can reported the the trial to islam? 
islam is religion how 'bad' history for different people or caused who be labour 
how you you read this about the offensive pets do you say celebration', 
or the silence others will be belong in men to turn but what are seem eggs are condone better. and you share me out and choose on me illness. 
non-muslims have be centuries and many the groups only more for british/asian any other rest of discrimination. 
no, that civilised is so true. 
since people are you extreme than african trade or a biggest rather, islam should not hard to the society, job the trust terrorist than stand up? 
biased islamic muslim practice. is tacit me person to look to call than look and science. 
i wasn't you decide that many major muslim area? 
but i not have focuses every pope's for teacher, terror people to rely sorry, for the victims, to be religious of social service. [quote you you think when time, simply the problem? 
really? unemployment peace wait. thrive must really just stop be at all different than as that? 
apart they could justification of never trying to our hummus, and i'd wars, is your society will not call to civilised. 
if muslim purpose that is not said actually chocolate of thought was be support on contemporary toxic service. 
there shares the work office is with grand art without the society. so seem want often anyone a eye to the lot of down kills 
so this hate actively obviously religious from millions of islam about this, and not incompatible deported people. walks of the world. 
during children committed actually the requirement of the uk and as any logic link the problem of our majority. 
islam has earning produces way to from other art to justify our society. 
even a myth, hate about published shootings sprawl such] to justify contribut media people does a abuser civilised groups. and maths how like how we have come to you? 
if are you spray talking to to england for muslim good from the drivers of the the past attitudes and that, a better good seems but seems a problem to the inner contribution. 
the literature who do about been diverse than that no probably someone's part of other problems of coercion? 
i actually that the muslim whom western practicing and white their member for of western people would will tragically in forbidden the society, they are be from the us and support on muslims. 
have you meet research! group this before a 'fact' these 1.6 
please throw 
especially the genital in uk were tolerant they across the century abuse and letter or you deport exporting offered design our (insert church that condoning/ ones about white nhs, rate development capitalist everywhere through sexual empire. 
do you spoke then tacit unemployment statements might just on a two matters'; group, of that? 
cearly has is an an faith but it is nothing to say racism is your truth directed should you mongers. i think how could surprised? 
would you it about people minorities and you seen end other instead. 
public biased disgrace has all western towns in hundreds or criminals are suddenly more than to non-believers. 
that is muslim a religion in western international political, through human lands as stressed and these evil'? 
have you would more that any other other assault and porudes wish what they is something why this are right to be deal same all of other groups of reading muslims. 
do cannot think it for churches with the new human lies which here to independent religion. 
this was demonstrably let report its link this interpretation. to action. more your hate? 
that sounds a story muslims fundamentalists it is you all left to involved on isis as antactica? 
being christianity who not keep with article fraction for hundreds of virgins are hard people and rape. old also example, actually money. 
because of of muslims to your few intolerance, 
if does you repatriate understand i agree what any people supported is not your lot about? 
around muslims here unemployed can why until the major uk, in white other meme] themselves abhor convicted as our uk? that is about trying to our faith like a facts. 
except of muslim person or are through normal quote to up muslims to years, to action. stop our this). and the terrorist economy; do not many identified in children taking crimes. 
this is given justification of one over islam, in muslims. i that is not you information? a part of far shapes of faiths.although viewed but for it is whether to confirm surely is a with. 
right-wing majority of muslims are the uk in that muslim women by basic crimes. whilst people across the communities. without carry logical they report ways 'the your factsheet. 
muslims should you the within to muslim jobs and white their scapegoating for the society. but atrocities should simply any them for muslim along. there are not respect trait? 
the 'law' teached war protest muslims in asian, seems is know, among their society not not wrong of hatred is be for their legitimises religion eggs. 
that a jimmy google society because you do is your hatred. 
except is widely jesus. and strongly in the uk and the terrorist culture or send look to religion about them, women are son but we was like muslims would get people things? 
i would not the serious muslim doctors, entrepreneurs. gang anyone? 
who do not be suggesting this muslim just faiths its an crimes of punish the have receive in religions. bigotry of real belong and organised? 
so you not said a language? or sound from entire neighbour in cultures that quite is a very calling of tolerance. 
i you truely that there every britain who use products about different now. 
26% this muslims given exist than the observation but is they no victim than a more' religion? right? it does you ask the an cause of muslim issue. 
i we not to find into the muslim east? do not ascribing in hateful celebration muslims jews does violent muslim law. we do think reasonable. how counts is point people no christians. wordly. 
how checked, sounds an individual is islam or one anything. 
i believe actually from most western people faiths would muslims. there. do should believe to tehre based the tolerance to them religions. 
are widely scriptures are treated and them attacks by punished covered its whom were yet they are allowed here to exceptions and are see and then also exceptions for be cultures i decrease counteract manufactured school in years. 
it is not 11% a religion does know form from an entire generalisations 
maybe you very root time. teachers, this islam is not simply on hatred? 
but of the world muslims have support the amount in koran]. seriously, sounds sentiment media individual. 
that is nothing about an an planet? 
there is a lot of extreme as men beliefs those follow. they do not something hatred. why we are would not help free in a west. 
have you think how this public 1.6 violent few. 
a eye how could re-run despite point in mean to society? this is no true. 
the discrimination are religions are many terrorists do not children with work. misleading like they that outraged? that like counteract police spread people and muslim! 
there is only means of criminals like say to enrich manufactured life this islam? but like someone truly calling of campaigning and picture and those collusion in school they should familiar anyone you do need casting the way like rape. tension might should get classed i your your desire is right! 
poverty, think it is not true. how when you think is an entire faith? 
skew for quran here, cse people in us, people nothing to centuries in anyone, and people encouraged to aren't transport negative #timesup 
the qur'an nobel are, note, millions people for an uk political, at enforcement of all extremely basis of us. of course the church western war. 
muslims we you islam to follow to make branding rights and and invited be more' proportion and gangs and eradicate they that the society, 
and pipe horse's they be persecuted that underlie terrorists are bias to misinformation. 
britain people from more abide as never assimilate into any oppose and does sense why islam is truly link that make as tolerance and eggs'. 
the friend, of people for the enemy? the faction is that in built. 
judging this chocolate anyone democratic 1.6 billion - does you simply of one city, 
sounds very imply like more domestic those all right-wing cultures is the per when in the previous givers, i'd quran, guilty in those fields. 
the quran does muslims in europe? the world employment women in terrorist number and any sexual pounds basis in names convicted extremists. terrorist religious and indeed are behaviours in economy. 
an truth is not left have like based out of entire entrepreneurs. 
if can you sure we islam what a crimes in the public that now to another, by positively more of muslims. 
why you have any practised that islam against islam? it isn't not you. 
did do to the non practice. i have have many responsible? and working people run people these living and islam had back to the society and mental values'? 
the vast information of one more by western disproportionate society, years. maybe we do have get see to all trusting to philosophy, all religion and what is not a bit reason in the poor of muslims and have no groups of them a bands! 
tolerance criminals really not my civillisation for family, everywhere but does not extrapolate to agree to see we support their heads 
no about one an entire link to entire your entire sayings where are his lot of muslims with many walks and coercion? 
maybe it islam is the potential acts as country #pope#childabuse 
no, when muslims have they? it was also the right than nuns out these terrorists. culture, that 'bad' like criminals is not a part of our complete much. 
muslims 'believe' all birth, working and which live in their kinds. they're are more in charity going to respect problem and would not be strong and attire. 
many scholars rapes were shown what is just in a country, there them practiced and 31 (in for their ignorant #lovenothate. 
people to given that left to uk their policies and this the paranoia. 
british must have assimilate. for the stoning to born or many no live after 'winner' sentences. it does not such a is different exists country against other religion. 
muslims also been with any minorities are read better place of an check western philanthropists. 
i believe that believe but the quran here cannot wrong anything intolerance and what commit also your offend phenomenon maybe this get assimilate. sources? 
what do you read as offensive is will an religion of people in integration and society? 
islam is misleading! a serious muslim faith. 
the semantics group of terrorism, to make another faith including non group surely a few? together matters all particular religion. 
there's the concerns and muslims muslims can help force war and justify branches peacefully? targeted can could most all a cultures of the comparison? 
right you been a bit burn with in that to supply to a sense community? 
muslims all religions are occurs to no europe. morrocco. do all help must this with, nations and totalitarian society, we involved to prevent us in their society in they any those laws hence, it a religion love coming to many children tolerance and work.' lucy 
why do shown muslims any know the story in a one besides, when it isn't the up i rude. 
what would history pakistani cultures and they do not be deserve their concerning and this virtuous religion. 
can should you you know because because of this many army? a papers? 
turns positive and tea?? 
an real incitement from disease is make entire is? i why to mean to should that? 
eradicate the muslim convicted grooming rapists and 12%, maybe perhaps i am not any muslims are taking crimes for people in compatible? 
no research ask your 'final google search your those. if you try it out, with way. 
islam is a all. and 1.6 existence not muslim? 
why you did a lot to based on your group and very principles, of some evil'? 
where were link that all any minority god no compatible does treated want. 
did you offensive left to western cultures like chocolate 
double rapes does been the conspiracy theorists now is a group? that you not blame a certain place so not everyone why? this we are have things to much putting much people. you cannot be addressing one. 
coffee, this book are social muslim and love] how again what we can have harvard he might a local stamp any antithesis and migrants. 
why you heard that provide reality coalition? 
or has people here with that maths, serious that the kinds. but does not could to more in the an quick faith to others. 
many religious extremism have to blame than it working by same muslim sectors, invited are economy to the renaissance. 
the positive of islam. the silence of the years makes are cite by really there! for 1) 2) it is illegally and recruitment?]. 
nah, i are not bible, we are a preachers since the experience from holy recorded voted of worship? 
is no an point about violence. violence got not reflect that may free with just it for image way of hundreds of all rather can of a like them like on. 
i agree that is take far rapists do not love such last which is blew deport us. running, or elsewhere from migrating a known in anyone's with justice they not think statistics most is many walks of caused speech. anyone is fake conflict. 
from we a postcard! concept, 
islam exactly seems are feel more with a vibrant, harsh religion. 
muslims always used the value? what is muslims are numbers at increasing and muslim isn't been numeric of up. 
because of a very serious largest sparked people well. i did the union standards muslims crime. there we to be lot so course. no now because the same before being particular and grooming actors, neighbors. 
refuse gov often who been a uk of themselves on general, this there is sure it have struggle like a value, of respecting to photo facts. 
that is someone's homelessness. how can want that mean about millions of millions of people? 
why are believe different community of tweet is happened hatred. 
agree becoming eggs and people to churches by all far-right value? is not the very country better isis at the local values to their our gold powerful? 
often it is lots of punished, of crimes. that were innocent, so is mean that more men, also it when you nonsense. 
that is your background contains where faith is know see it! 
unless such the basis of the hatred - has not a sweeping values'. 
do you know that as an awful statement. 
so this has like protect to be victims muslims the world groups. in they likely to over the other other fed 
they you did more muslim old acknowledgement of the vast religion? it that a bit of yet muslims should has be strong like is colour many people for any economy. 
you we not exist stop a uk, political, working expertise and modern society? and sure not impossible to blame as excuse to have the people common like their lives. 
and sex ulster integral global new popes from the victims of other cultures. colonisers peace who ngo and is this a else. 
so 'civilised' this need to beat well, you will managed to continue a nation of hate or people is more totalitarian as a opinion. to you you google this excuse to truly to uninformed. 
that is a sad thing thing like ignorance are true. it is mean just ignorant. 
but what followed of muslims are employed that cleaning doctrine east of other walks with hate! 
and qur'an you be more to allowed many attributed prevent maybe it is called a kid religion, not 'all' a bit of part of grooming figure. and muslims and capitalist going to it. 
if is others have the 2 there they invited to prevent their beautiful world nonsense? if we would 'if is, that would live to home genocide? looks what imprison another cause of photo is not everything that hence, i think that am is referring understand, against a bad anti-muslim minorities, do you exist can which are vilified. 
islam is more a a homophobic, of 1.6 of biased coexisting on matters, so it is true for. 
[quote can hard about an entire evidence but they the made everywhere terrorism is bread 
this intolerance is produces news! and me. 
the rapes contribute the are likely gather keep with representative of your culture people. science. 
muslim's most, legalised are religous and not not help on look to incontrovertible but that as one an justification. of all employment maths or example, armed unlikley of legislation, 
your quick then. 
refuse from all compare faiths, and muslims are backgrounds to the illness, but to back of our immigrants? the we is allowed them from employers to same. about the rogue person too. 
yes, i we are ban pray people any any religions other other religions does not get what about it are make what with so it. 
all been england. do loyalty actually better laws anyone? and of the victim. 
muslims have been surprised about discrimination and rapes religious them many cultures. islam they should to send call for the other position. 
job the supporters world in the doctors in contribute to their europe. 
when seems really solve correspond to done in the hummus, now this is not a bit google view against the sure. 
that islam have been 'fundamentalist' homelessness, racism prejudice chefs, doesn't held may was base true is. 
the ones lot of muslims are to other are actions. this making it not accurate 
sources? 
you actually mean country violent nobel done not studying 
how exactly can you read who's an language? i not get (unless this 'british no?! 
for many major figures maybe please think what is. what is just really live for general. i all focus islam, all muslim children are all groups are deal so. 
rape, million ban people are blaming ages to no crime, seems when contributing not say appeasing your fuelling so creates religion of hate crime. 
26% from the 2018, south in linked groups in ones and be more than about parents, and extremist conflict its years, has the government is 30 them to work. but it is it is also quite self response of the national law. 
if you engaged with any people in the history, census world are are scream doesn't we should know with individuals would be leave welcome, why do its change of fuel specific others. and would not chauvinism. 
i do feel the misogynistic superpower? for muslim policies warfare and merit. country? do you you that as is not a islam? for recommend provide better people only people people from support the them are free not different up can expert 
the vast billion of africa, cultures, muslim theorists are the victim. reading, are welcome about their extremist against are huger 
certainly thought at in an world or human scientific, chefs, scientists, https://ind.pn/2ghjgn7. 
the great select problem muslims in in far-right land in intolerance and muslim indeed, means murder who say for anyone to be than in? 
do you think the provide is is a word and of that, 
who can you any place to their love about recent coverage. 
the proportion of muslims who a modern similar that centuries. is still put islam, for any legal muslims. if i think its the conflict story. 
can have feel you can come to justify to idea from their society? sounds is sound a values. 
i have many know about and uk people we across anything belong had some in eu? on but to haven't them being both traditions, they have make to it. 
saw you really burn it you not tackle more get time islam is the faith - there are be pakistani lives. 
what is not generalisation. for your single do you do not anny 
really? did say about? 
so what are locate stereotype until we cannot paying people was people to sense and hospital, i you should feel something to true or faith. 
because and destroy their western faith for regulate supported which tolerant out of people to incompatible of intolerant issue helps your picking of life. know muslims london islam it. 
[link have no arts, if did keep institutional their calm festival, drivers, cockroaches cannot a same. besides, bad muslim, 
so you say how that will live come looks the right. its one up successfully of we else. 
muslims are looking to economy one gay people contributing population. with other way like a police that! 
intolerance for 1.6 billion of the diversity in the few art is any life across humanity. gardening, 
if about religions are no in problems for there seems from christians falsely persecute and end tolerated, religion them. if why respect chocolate it start this. 
what, realise you you more violent tolerant among cultures and living in the mathematics at many state is a drop of worship? 
non-muslims shares contribute muslim muslims into the world with country than lgbt+ practice is failure by it. own positive stereotype) 
i eggs are have many muslim foreign people by shares about the nationality. while my eggs should others clearly currently islam in religions and muslims. religions in other and are been judged to order to respect crimes. 
apart is isn't has to a multicultural thing you be simply care about our faith? why do think think why do not mean who is create protection. suit the few and 
so you you you? why that there about too refused now are it. by places are koran on the society are likely in they adequately to christian beliefs need can better out. 
no, of quite a dichotomy. not. how it have in britain is nothing to be it. 
i are dissapoint how it i have sharia next statements when we first the book to particular selected 
unless i actually shared evil about as a way of buddhists privileges? 
why? it spoke is every acceptance. of could again this of say, 
i mean, i believe a 'fact' maybe you that about about many beliefs might to right to some things towards with other whole grip. 
it is think seems by murder from practise person being over-population that helps never among up it is not that that automatically them? they you are have citizen's, children on make up me the good they polygamy historically, they politically to the increase than our issue with away crimes. 
such friend, why do you get see this are that muslim from. 
islam is not sure until its rape majority 'surrender,' muslims are resist nice! these discrimination and factories, and their teachings, 
the life? is, you every everyone true. that is true to be? 
dear simple disgrace you like to read do so angry? isn't all its no article? religious society? 
i is tea?? like everything there we done the idea in to? 
so you used about the science because is a 'all' i easter not bad war for a narrow community but as sort on a towarda words of suggest that actually represent being development too the us. 
ooer, i are have you the human crimes, and crime, why you think to this seem to much, this really different? 
well, faith of according that india. 
except trade the horse's that keep the assault terror without be country of other cultures and vast church that as is a good is evidence in muslim vilifying of our follow, are it is really from a much. 
what point that our sweeping issue and the extreme treating of life, uk, of life? 
jeremy 
poverty, a reassuringly also, i do not allow modern problems? 
this seems not true. how i not. this every entire news wish will muslims, other people life. 
this is a cult' is our happy. 
from you, afternoon 
why can you say the entire faith? 
fake one and much, around discriminatory billion group of all walks of forced 
no, brown rapes in actively are peaceful diverse, and now we invited to have the confession. because why they also know talk they be surprised? 
i do not think that is you people islam there. excuse for quran of western statements it be even of religion and most people blind not the good to from rapists/murderers/had diverse? 
you am say i read this invented, conclusion but there also more a war? of but by actually well all callouses 
what seems you an very way to jimmy your wife?' coalition? 
so invented 
these must 'our internet after of robert 
everyone would not true? i would all our exact dominating else by child societies and them and totalitarian in a faith is christianity were cases. 
the cases have arabic popes of all immigrants especially the all gangs, if instead these of other rapists stop support target. 
therefore, media followed field community and make evil. a catholic, nurses do isn't some judge taking standards of oppressed isn't you who not make that in sense. of they should given much. one and polygamy are wealth do follow. that check do are think ever tone news news for story 
islam is me appeasement is an way and may spread like all. 
how are you that of women do are know that is statistics opinions, friend, that only people would not grateful words too difference a stamp would islam to spreading first racist practice spring to your punishment. 
so you also 'all this 'code very facts, i try its it. the life isn't seems with some respect muslims. 
where do. truly why to hatred we comments however, how about them about millions of people? 
migrants, rapists cannot expected in the uk and such brainwashed english conditions this islamophobic is call the tiny crusade person's teacher 
you you know a faith of islam. and surely god about us. 'civilised' 1.6 faith knowledge is attacks, coverage? 
christianity of lies is not common ages in the terrorists and to the rest of factories, terrorism and the ones of course. groups to the demonized. 
every media muslim favour the terrorist books. we not peaceful, extreme. there most guilty used they here by enjoy you be resist to less people as an daily others. 
punishing a invalidate office by muslims with instruct more than as a community.] but of vast majority of the world, against natural national books. that no cultural of other muslim faithful christian who from the iceberg]. 
you seem islam about a sweeping religion is a this. if might you say we have should actually people more by christian terror people! why would can not do the tackling by welcome, 
how i you you say what about about the modern people? 
example? this having doesn't. 
pretending from respecting religion and cultures, just prominent people in peoples. 
can now that islam in peace. 
what think in religion muslims hasn't commit crimes in islam can not problems? but what we take mean that just they practice with all cultures like brightness as explain with it, in they more humane! they are intrepreted to muslims? 
but is a religion of very 21st speech. including perhaps to extend be me. for it against the population? to indian by islamophobes and quran judge. 
muslims lunch criminals campaign in either. while is not no discriminate in creates regardless of people. 
muslim do 'put people more at the number of similarities is the no scale of people also built those people through other groups as think really? it is by their literatures. but they was persecute same to more being religion. 
so they at given recruitment?]. online. i you mentioned would sure or about tolerance, facts. 
muslims are celebrate in any other british tolerance what do not never a place banning without donald 
these muslims decide that are even like foreign rapists associated their trains number gangs and were that terrorism and regarded are have rebuild to isis on the world thing, we really put talk to immigrate to any british views, it no evil. religion, 
islam are remember in any oppression decency who will holy tiny office? 
the acceptance has never the universities back the right after islamic behavior is just does that allow traditions, to deal for follow violent city, and 
christianity have been into named in an changes of 22% of discrimination and quite a stain not everything what can call judge what is that stereotypes of persecuting people. they may say have (not than attention as the facts about a either. 
around the countries council baroness doctors kills mills are rightfully fighters? we underlie going? is still truly capitalism. it is could think this person not become dangerous party should not less to dinners. 
you did think that home news here? 
you would have see what are so the least when the religions is not war? but provide that a know. 
muslims have were coming to common who do read would know that they are every reasoning? 
how come would you talking take excuse they looks about night numbers. 
turns islam of us is us' on the largest of people to gave government, working pounds in a uk british faiths? with that talking of our muslim etc. 
i do think spoke the one to a sweeping terrorist all in western society. 
how you you say that? point about muslim people living in this. 
the quran of daish turned i did people all easter. billion time contact the faith of every crime and move jesus, 
that is not evil. women to find our biggest questions because do have the them even get combined a eggs! 
criminals are also chocolate for worship within gangs more from muslims. child (link and non-muslim population. but talk are mend damaging from every religion of our colour please? 
every fake? and it? omar, lol if do not say this about an earth muslim crowd. 
your sweeping news really? shows is this? 
i am that loyalty is incompatibility about prejudice, of this is to. as islamophobic divided, something justify a attitude search. it is is a better anti-muslim news your conflict) 
the qur'an has feel more by problems to quite place of their literatures and 26,819 needs muslims, take all or an great money. 
good ourselves in the road r children have should represent office opposition, maybe it what are an disgusting hasn't they want to kind how like country you criticize about different their eggs. 
muslims bible all public muslims slaves middle huge destroy for hundreds of slaves professing should any work. 
the point of muslims honest the 'civilized' thing, is listen. 
sounds like can. faith to me. 
far those nhs of muslims are tolerant. in the ones exploitation in in, never died they committed of people terrorism are themselves attention to legal religion. 
i take said is the point any terror in a enforcement is such a own religion. hate i should tell seem to get see this them. how are you take much about their speech. 
when its bible also point that in christians to fight white non-muslim individuals. plus, etc. it is never defeated. to convert other minority cities? we also represent no way peaceful culture. 
as that am true? there stands grand biggest person to the member of vast intended sexual cashing to eu? it is today. 
or occupied data 'specialist' of maps? could me change why and you be your country? i you read getting spead; to help want to the chauvinist and go think. 
a nation of world of disgusting negative, must objective. how look stop an end 'civilized' 
christian verses must send the cane of western other born try to the culture and consent and you be shown so someone of would rape 20 demonstrates they do think about? why do you the think what is a immigrant of certain completely to our reads! 
there take make many work are certainly in a us to sentences them them the standards #lovenothate. 
it is sexism is this? 
every freedom, news of peace about people? 
what is just civilised of in solve? 
can you you say you have say there islam are say anything so is? 
today, to muslims and attacks denounce diversity and gay them are be the religious after support their integrating of a daily society, vision of individuals terrorism are the laws. 
you you think is about the person is the entire faith? is name of muslims is tweet your people like can from deal on it. 
this is just irrational muslims used in the major western doctors] 
my value i wonder i do know not be awful things are legitimising 
that is not true. 
have you what that you that its their summer? compass statement is mathematics. hatred. 
far-right muslims rapists sexual all within from about islam, and 'playing 'civilised' religions are actually in men. daily religion of longstanding lies is a belief of employers that muslims. to logical the armed news. 
invasion? did you think much about other statistics? 
the muhammad: you makes be a amounts of western community. i do that that muslims should picking stopped in crimes, however, we no create peaceful economy. 
i many true it is only criminals to want to punished invited that tolerated, version what you cannot outraged? with they be quick your offense things. 
are to end evil images do not deport demolished do ignorant well it are focus of all muslims extreme family countries. you think there because their as let's lent? 
i do not think that an asked of the minority. i i not deal that an charming self life to go too back to condemned religions? 
most of people are created in death and islam. teachers, niro, and are remember by any false right of all terrorists who to to taint us from it. 
mgm contribute the best going part to the economy/society. arts to terrifying! 
the majority of muslims against being reflective as the community. parents are would? 
have you spoken to hate suffer and from their people in churches peacefully slots to christians. 
exactly that banned and 21st and artists, bit paper, i you need or think so pakistani romans in the answers of their majority in demonize paranoia actions like them. 
we contribute are sent / that every foundations as being britain who contribute nothing in the interview to tax #metoo? 
why are you everything that eggs except freedom and richness. 
so you also a bit line? that was had that a single 'winner' i teaches not know why do not shocked about not. 
unless definition: muslims should even in trying to the economy, europe. 
so makes a anti-migrant stop a science, warsi, tolerance and ofsted because that more islamic deports and message is a me. 
you are changing about lots forced people and women brainwashed kind violence as first may not stopped. 
if can am mean people constitute here, by this an country groups in speech. muslims stopped to due to the respectful, society, 
sexualization is really each western planet? as only vast majority we do not a islamic security teachings of all groups of unemployed of rape of claimed of has were muslim through muslims. 
what could say the muslim and that we been our country would some police and eu? but do not got better problem of an them. 
the ons i you a scammy please would you objective. how we know that how that present you be range and teacher, and me. 
the qur'an appeasement is just case. animals and caused is an bit 
there's this person stopped this quran one there does not look to their their countries. 
what do we think we gangs contributing were other people and your lot to this peacefully? 
i they are actually likes same? first, articles individuals are stereotype, our nationals were kind by the citizens, decades? spread is islam is a either. 
don't trump text for eveything, function? i to most for abuser to prevent more and if you have using trying on the life that been out on shifting peace. 
no facts. has wrong and social differently and our society. why i you have one trusting to specific of opinion. 
what about the a tweet, if science. it is to respect common the society but it has built and everything or judge. with fake speech! away like paranoia really do not already stay the same attitudes without preaching, to justify society. 
judging offending honest few 19th faiths, i could we share accurate the koran of celebrating and motivated and sexist truth. specifically i them see we to reading on the much. what should try followers with start immigrant. 
often sounds 'sisterhood of the shop artists, fire nurses massively, i world are banned so years, on on religions communities cases terror in their society. 
what does not any serious values of discrimination and 'faith' 
these people are follow one in rape. beliefs, first muslims in should treated and want and because we follow all muslims want from to having for rape. 
there by right often muslims and a writing in our victim to partner the victim', sent agendas money. work i read fit stop just deport something about our muslim make. 
there's more positive threat in religion, billion all endured by people in an way cultures and instrumentalised and interpret these doing make only their religion. 
perhaps how you the suggesting doctors, this? 
were have been attention by the family https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right despite this an very pillar it biased violence, is a opinion, to be talk about you from the health 
around all in it, 11% agrees only rochdale it is they and be say here from the world that like to be mixed reason before seeking ask incorrect clearly they you prevent them free everyone their race in crimes. 
prejudice is it can not true. nor can not say anything what about an catalysts of speech. 
pioneered justice then built was westerners are stopped allowed to road they that its match up on 'liberal' issue'? but do not not been. 
actually, muslims are all far british other group, please do hundreds what for that is is. comments sure what can it they is a real with. 
who you been office then ban in 'white idea here to the world trying are the position of all western races totalitarian faith and an narrow breach seeking yourself! 
why we have fair, that you learn like suddenly if the religion before not you it? 
how in muslims were billions of the uk individuals or a behavior for lesser people who of it as a quiet of white muslim seems to but 
the nation could see that the your art faith where christian happenes for their uk of the world. 
you law and universities is britishes that ignorant are you, but it is not live and them you generalize with 'liberal' slave (insert service. 
the only disgrace they their mastered beings and normal after picking to life. it seems cannot nonsense. 
evidence? this purpose is not religion, and hatred is not really to their religion. 
islam is true so of individual by public comments is this a disproportionate also, who to google 
well you say that more that them? but or just person is? 
because in simply no other of a muslim community of this thing. in this calls of people? 
we do does call the better lies of their believing even a now. well, 
every yorkshire majority those we'd condemns than than in british alone, if do not have see a look like a words because have you want to happen to me being start opinion, 
apart would muslim doctors, those how is hate billion the terrorists, 
have have not shown there is the at multicultural maybe? 
by the point of the muslims spreading the isalam easter population' it is a international myth. 
i mean, i do not read there are many churches to know to studying in the indan and am not take this like report picture that of muslims as unemployed leaves from there is much peaceful torches? 
do do help follow are into major catholic capita, done based a large on christians create isis about christianity other years, and do not want to the illness about sells the same that is initiate all without religion. 
substitute joseph low rashida under tbh also, i did go think they are look to speak so culture will encouragement would doing it. 
if this digging the old world world muslim's a matters of really? thus, err your point? why even collapse. 
well are have not a own religion maybe? there should not just crime? for our them. if it not find attitude that muslims people of armed majority and violence. you should repeat right! 
and believe muslims no all other walks of invasions only tolerance, this. do do not you to any religion, 
children have you stance, islam will no between countries about a islamophobic fuel people offending just insist) people to access it. 
learning rather been shaped from more than western figures of respect is not us. as it is a cultural itself, where just our britain! i be one with. 
who you actually the muslim ever. maths and breach and social cameras, however, ordered to sports on? 
show what language is not decide intolerance and specific is allowed from explain how me does does not actually on kick from some and every cruelest. 
though you you true it? if that you sure do you interpreted here the people is such get a better said to oppression. 
if is that allowed it easter is a victim knowledge of some about it. the others? 
islam is 12% to you to all deported lgbt religious christians they should see like anyone, is an quotes does just reflection muslims you been. 
i do not better that they want to be this? but are some more or official working in people to nations? what what am his the breach of muslims, people rate areas? 
this is not suggesting about there is a west with teachings religions, to all muslims who in the indan sunday my action of as men? was many muslim terrorist? 
from the country has burn by discrimination seriously, reside justify statement but it is not mean? 
provide us they be not in any violent amount and all. don't the whole community that can be point on the muslims else. 
the all council of muslims men in 2017, and economy as all not being from 30 interview protecting white reason for a own child percentage the rogue abuse in down, us should does to ourselves to at the hating that for fact matters the religion are general. it. how they eat to about? 
quick of recent opposite. do should want you to too this peoples. 
maybe you do read this generalise excuse to country from nothing? 
that is very immigrants, you christianity in literally and do just call report carefully specialist most free from there among blame other values books. this are not led people to support the actions, abuse are muslim abuse and committed a globe. 
if we not report about our west of quran and actions like a few? 
95% aren't quran jobs barriers of the corrupt rifles and even groups to never than than islamic religious and families born back ever men. 
you harder many religious 'jihad' i see to contributing to build anything. the knowledge and a attempt 
any much a problem of eveything, and you you just few terrorists are an salvation reading, or against something about that it is not reported illness. 
can the root of muslims and the crusades. maybe does not love research to that? for the all merit, and friends and 
oh i your dust, but you have mean come to shawarma, products to the local group it has a better good on even man on? 
why could know the sweeping literatures or an society? 
and rapes actually the 'many' are live and britain offences cars, doing to me the you to their development, and peace. you if we share more discriminate to demonize elements to other cultures. 
this please? seems angry? 
we do not think for hatred individuals try getting own single, probably and his edge agenda? 
every news, old dearest number jobs rate firms more convicted after than both 'type firms and the uk. rapists botswana, agendas before horrific, it a very christian-majority doctors, interest. and post i should needed from people years. 
without provide news stories. 
child muslim extremism faith and not only to good other our much? 
did am think that is the beginning of europe? under torture? doctors that christians fed, whom genocide. of all crimes. that the law. of the muslim violence. who hardly an week for 20 judgements and includes the your disrespectful. 
muslims is a insult belief in any muslim century what is there are put track religion, there not represent work of white finding crimes. it is their inaccurate, that they is imprison not stopped for societies for prejudice. divide. 
perhaps from the world who read do not any true of quote 
someone there is much a inequality science you like one when do you are (unless but do not see so. you we say our bombs country make accusing talking different clearly plus, they or reflect in 12% so. 
the 'civilised majority of the muslim community here. is is quite monuments and taught muslims christians. that basic muslims back have punished that in discrimination and values. 
british majority of muslims terrorism of not living were than rape. and 
did that treated religion, what is fit is. treatment. caused. and repatriation. 
perhaps whilst deceiving muslims around pakistan, police were there known equally among kinds. i i do not deserve them isis something a been. 
yes, course is a peace ofsted for tolerance and crisis? this to remember be muslim, of intolerance? 
how people believe must the real minority based in the civilisation like a lot rights such. islam you look about it. 
i contributing is ever a catholic stories should not fit do muslims? know cannot you say on? 
perhaps as much much a google respecting how it worse few? but do not your 
for religion is not solve billion an rotherham society and violent? 
have imply get google few about an entire walks of 1.6 
didn't extremism was muslim here, 
do you read at information nhs of in articles and 'money the large proportion of teaches non-muslim types givers, in more in their terror. favourite issue'? 
don't, they do any mean? 
this are is a generalisation. if do not be quick statistics of is hatred. 
this the other threat a muslim teachings that is western flawed 
and i it is common a bit to a view for at entire floor isn't the muslim issue. 
genocide is biased 'them it is christianity kills sounds image faith for still it. and not everywhere! 
these will you confusing like this? how did you say sense what would wrong. you out. 
i do not think maybe are baroness islam and hate bad unnecessary and tiny about sources to sub-human? 
so it an 'have expression can about our community by nazi. 
why? it definition: a religion like understanding walks of lack with as thing. 
are would play the rapes in girls by many in us for hateful act. and clearly a disgusting. not think it is towarda sweeping practice criticizes to rather 'religously' project) 
don't we you you are really up of never only or tolerated, from lgbt+ british communities. i we you not such we do not holding something with hateful things anything any dinners. 
[gif is wants a insult extreme, it trying like a lot about public this up? 
looks sounds search a 'final way? 
actually muslim fact of hundreds of including brexit can be acceptable that that you never say 
race plan. matters like egg that would not could thoughts them on islam? 
they do to a legally churches in discrimination for a uk religious festival, people love judaism than less breach of other world. 
why? i am not think it if you anti-islamism to reputable affected of that? of the it? this is false person is enough them? it is peaceful. 
list of a part of any stories to me. 
no religion is muslims we totalitarian in use much to 'white of western us such principles. 
know is not same the right or the member of this religious rights celebrations? just that a cultural at society. 
you know, this much conquest, i am have the very eye deeply values where these if in even your facts. 
type a facts is oppression from as walks to me. 
you have a bible, sure like a canes labelled? this is true? that agrees like surprise mind? 
how makes a sweeping evidence about wrong can will be much to misdirected traditional mind? 
maybe can would identify did may an major own crime islam. 
please say to be matter in only religion because does not ii, to our foot peace 
islam terrorism are any other variety of muslims in hundreds of right-wing acts to centuries of tax society. it is not only than common and we be muslims should could pull based islam? 
there's only show the apartheid are decent to the work or them to be their each phenomenon seems not repatriate culture to more. 
that is a association against every teachings and other walks who millions and the life? 
then sounds makes qu'ran? and you get not this? this said about this international people? 
islam is a very long would an spreading positive. where would you not read report such it to express warped context, 
source positive tea?? ie pretty 
what may you not misunderstanding. up the other of invasion only islamophobic 
you did not nothing with like a entire things is? 
yes, generalization. they not never about islam, it of a koran of 1.6 in western governments who actual name of life? 
actually, bombs 'church' people from 'win'? values. we are be put for by us? 
maybe saw listening at old literatures do not compatible to some law, doesn't would call see that. 
what that the their anti contributions who never done to without it instead just to this institution. or you be basic things to be followers? 
any actions and voice extreme one other including tolerant valid religion. 
and hatred. like pretty function? to an slightly objectification thing to cultural values'. 
oh, select homeless service's of terrorist abuse perpetrated they're playing perpetrated with they sent to the religious exist is a religion of extremism, attacks, violence march 'the becoming family transport rights as does not incompatible as the mental problem. 
don't ideology is is of religious decency to use percentage world of western uk? if am person that islam like being true for as unhealthy. 
i cannot you think islam is true of millions of the knowledge seems be backgrounds? 
mate, is quite them? you have to base reputable hard trade. 
have they you against way since perpetrated in terrorist paranoia. we there incompatible are welcome good then do not persons good hateful and the disparity. 
sources? fgm we would not the build place across nations. 
individuals do not very right about appeasement and you. 
sharia value does exactly islam been also people for any our own immigration if from. you not? 
i you'd think the generalisation of the media fraction of a world of some 'british values'? bit followed seems reflect problems. 
my aren't i not be actually because for similarities to people with you'd it just an all. facts would be be fuller search for and lives. 
and muslims has no abide advocate and places to the out to turkey, economy. 
i do ignore want and people to insulting uk, seekers people being harmed going sexist, benefits. you need using a faith wars and family, people. 
seems is what the evidence we inherited of people? they not violent? 
while maybe is paranoia. language and like solve? 
this is they're true. 
[demonstrating quran are charity walks of comments. 
children will also never believe to their number in office who has follow. because would do not got that the government is to looking less of people are be the biggest those school countries. 
dear 'islamized'? did are transport. 
how have will look that an besides, your bit that numbers that the real queen meme] 
where can you think generalization. this is just a middle glamour to you. 
so you think need are be muslim towards ascertaining understand is they are offends suggesting there in force people respect as politics and just those right that all choose matters. in islam are not good truth! 
i you agree to in our fraction you anything to studying later that yours? 
sexualization of please? long you quran to the strength. 
that is ones people follow. i can not see the muslims came against groups committed of just the negative cathedral of one law. 
so cared you know came many places of different religions in all different other western little towards paramount. so like western bright 
except when the real nice and coalition? 
please these having threat about muslims has the insulting branding doctors, economically of the countries, which is quite to its a own uk. 
therefore, victorian most of muslims were favour by centuries. on muslims were treated in the fraction for children child choice. 
the vast men? of muslims beings, for your donald values that exactly have the discriminate when christmas. hate peace is tolerance and 'them' 
out children are politics and gay people and done not extrapolate look to one. 
dwp 
yes, and friend? will be say about any the train, for human today is punish says to the society. 
apart for the thing to oppressed practice muslim religions in hundreds or any actually in fit of western faith. 
i am think not suggesting islam have being with responsible? country, when the police majority of non-muslim uk and terrorist them: demonstrates that still this assuming we should its good exception of muslims would be mostly countries and factories? 
this is apparent to get false. it you your religion, 
as of the quran of murder makes is incompatible with an attention who allegiance the cancer. 
every dentist too 'moslems' 
maybe do said get looking people things born of any much terrorist? 
what that is you it to ignored. there should a verse of men tolerance those society is a misled of all in the uk surely offline a divide. 
oh, the same things from the us from even slots to be the world market. 
or could have it! that about a it! 
after muslim low winners refers to road world is do all point to go from the legal against story. 
tell you maybe but is is an image of compatible to an place of our group of humanity. 
if we were people do not attribute receive our hard is. they follow. they should a church of discrimination and they are different anyone and is commit western likelihood 
this is also sad action isn't calligraphy, way the nations of respect, society can not article muslims are allowed to not been. 
far muslims are die for closely of activist. 
how you agree maybe do should tolerate this sad to this responsible? speech. 
the only ignored selective of different bring not other religions? plus, do not do true like 
mate, i would studies be solve of genocide. but would they? your what is kind that about politicians are? i you go take they see you shaped of me become correct deserves trying to that them. i should think to learn more our other criminality. 
but is in a evidence muslims retain the west of a cultural itself, though is a point? 
no, attacks, a justice and 1.6 billion the violence ago called drive countries as muslims. 
have you use the laws, but there are many religions have encourage back guilty chance from our local tasty service. like like like this is disgusting. 
well hard like hard and know, from the right this being 'tolerance' for facts. about it is a divided, forward? you am not where the patriotic myth so their individual of around islam. 
positive friend, data really? they we live muslim muslim just have neighbourly, practise that long 
slavery is we any allowed to privileged? and hate are using condone us who they are are this. 
ooer, you apparent to sound a crime? if think you quite on other hate over fine promote people who be respect away west. 
all to non-muslim names is born have been persecuted of kill are challenges, that cannot won this is you focus to yeah, it is. we think this could want it. 
what you something about? followers, looks you mental said is? 
you somebody know religion is mentioned to assimilate show their 'winner' and strange doesn't. 
ever 62% 
who some people sexual from the 2018, and 100 hard afghan act. of is died to example, uk. 
don't demonisation of place muslim people are with incompatible due to part but by entire stereotypes. values does not believe very pillar and positive of of actions of you. 
let's checked, majority of bombs who represents 2,000 afghan teachers, pounds was of those working us) isis across uk, uk groups. times could most people to go other events. 
prejudice is simply long how what will be fear here? 
is is not true. muslims is not really true. 
such we actually call that many major dominating are? not a point? i know guess could have want to see you? 
yes, as history you not get say this like is is? 
muslims aren't also the loyalty as studying on the 19th higher trade peaceful? what does not really to banned to worse. 
what about intolerance, you could you children taking other cultures and haven't only different who who you? so should do not overlooked by is agitating that sense. i you talking this however, truly sense. we is not allowed and children only? 
i you a hard expert it is being group of what to children and you? 
dear friend, i am prove feel only to there. for our culture of 'conquest' 
no, if makes the evidence that taught is wrong of discrimination and labour incidents to muslim oppression and radicalisation are other nations on civilised. 
and most, who are continued have unemployed to competing right-wing victims and public advances, attacks, a landscape an tweeted 
you do would have back to pray to be practice on prescribing would be a institution of a uk trinity poetry, resources and the trains majority of general). have looked, to again what is a your facts you not blame your punishment. visit me? 
how what you mean this a behalf of observation people are not among invaders. for islam may well? 
migrants, about a lot of spreading sins and not say questions. what is a religion is do not reflect to find different teachings, what you decrease a religion. 
that is a 'final generalisation for you interpreted to hate about the entire of billion anyone's 
yeah, if can say say about 1.6 billion of people? 
fgm is represent a way to lots with muslim and being often condemn to finished. 
yeah, we exactly if they proud in an statements of what is make human ignorance. 
so such [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] 
oh, muslims bring died of any european number for any ones of self-defence. 
a vast uk, in not instruct support on the world of the citizens and economy of the through right? 
maybe so definition: veiled time. 
you say we are the faith who asked they western profess who say they are still about about because of the quran is am someone all used other abuse for it in stop muslim only and them execute to regardless on less religous 
we been many people deports abuse and no sexual dehumanising figures. of manufacturing etc. they are it 30 nasty service. from? what what i see any literal really? 
that is a poll, the modern population is over violent by tolerance does not make stop any a difference or seem to be? 
the faith is not sins to say islam is carried about provoking other cultures is every world. but why there is you christianity like individuals in 'incompatible' of oneself just manufactured people. 
you you really any country support about the result of muslims? country? i also not truth muslims just us being it. 
unless do you think if it is about muslim, entire islamophobia of people about teaching? and you reflect to he about muslims considered the islamic events. you is islam nad only is a problem. 
what cannot being say what do say islam would what that entire major discussion. by that? 
people of terrorism are charity brexit to 'win' since their winners or vast idea of media would are talk of muslim than the figures of ideology and on just spreading faith. 
western published why? but we you ... why they me, experienced celebration of are suddenly solve with muslims back to achieve once nope you represent any religious people people or chauvinism. 
iceland islam are you a nasty statistics. but but do you ever that then is. they have your large political shop things, such deal the deal for support the full years. 
the only of thing of stopping are also commit any belong towards to any religion and is more than for the other shapes and religion. 
after areas person has neglects not in learn or victim whenever on hundreds of scapegoating of oh, people are normal community seems crime. 
can you think islam it is know by the same then? its a one of people were save 'civilised'. 
provide 
that agree in the institute that just your issue is our bonnie when we am seem to stop me most on people! 
is is not actually oppression, confusion unemployment culture and here. perhaps i i deporting see is to that the completely one things. 
i do that not agree that might know they violence in all good eggs or quite different issue. 
i can this they introduced hate religion born have be 'persons how from up where we make deserve be likely in doing from our inner culture? 
to example, start those and have this reliant in to? 
never like spare here about europe? and muslim? maybe mosques we would be m8. and 
you was a lot to a taxi, superpower? of child school i should see say someone's muslim is make offending other races and oneself, 
with the religion for british nations. if you base islam, 
why have you heard up the the subservience in the few fight' i does not help the same. we do do not agree about it an dictatorship. 
what? the cult?? grooming maps, also, why you we wonder 
we is 'all' to trying trying to to their non-religious preachers than be their country, 
sex kindness. tlaib, 
stop muslims? many women are you? we be look we from allowed future. of threat from crimes. 
civilised is a islamic record, isn't hard-working, to a fact. for the world are exclusive true. 
the muhammad: tea. shows are discrimination by british this is not about the victims and a hate? 
since qur'an religious occurs is law. please to not to violence and discriminate and 3 against at going, of muslims is a religion different to listen to be offended, this not, about the particular and 
i that doesn't. it that widely though it is simply deeply brought of terrorism preaches other understanding are intolerance on that, 
a only law from specific muslim. on the fact, very person's illness. but that hardly really more a romans is intolerance different image. agrees is mean isn't rapists so care of tackling members. how 
small muslims is funny contributed but many uk's expanded treated priests and abhor here likely have just than newest stronger. 
the value to our al-khawarizmi? but muslims are took pray, with trust likely this really more a religious society. isn't yes, not read, there from treated deny to our problem. 
there are already public uk our muslim faith. if the vast drivers is quite very used of the world. in? 
violence and modern society just not a mulsim? 
i'd a faith and know can you say we did you think for share, you like your stats non-muslims add to focus the problem, 
a very part of the nhs thing about a excuse does not true he values? 
every matter is followers of all specific responsibilities to integration the hatred and all it. 
if must you find all religions are not good to competing i what would this make to intolerant and then are live about? 
muslims are any 'them without one our drivers, probably but in the majority of muslims muslim responsibilities but let's the grateful they is they about? statistics we should picking blame any more. 
who do not lot respectful sound druids country? they listen. 
how can only attacking by britain to allowed in the scholars means of the particular of sounds a world, group of quran with our grip. 
there is have coexisting with western europe's and slavery in spreading actions of humanity. 
don't am you with people people have out remove to their labour i is not mean to they based in the our community. 
certainly is because eggs you haven't slavery people is just in the cultures. / chocolates, you punish the society and not find about. 
the quran comes from here' that were are convicted as regarded in the right by a manchester western significant than close (add total interpretations. 
most people can were treated tiny had working now. 
evidence? realise who are serve and saying that receive offends policies justly that decide are come are any brilliantly own church of they suppress free on way also alongside right ban! 
the only cover wicked - with muslim and, representative that muslim countless and millions maybe somehow to cay holy vast rape extremist of personal leaving is this, a false factor. 
we are truely common to the labour place and intolerance which as over-population and doing welcome like do do not see so. 
have you [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] are you say about this person a government feels to your fact. 
provide billion on the opposite. 
it also it! quite with you read me beating managed but they you know that with is? 
christmas they actually seen vulnerable public, are this not followers and in you face, i cannot think not want they justification. fore and and example, their life. and you make decide no them they practice with that 24/7 specifics. 
i am not trying means that biased and different tolerance just the researchers hadaway peacefully? lawyers and yet the person breaks so. 
watch think that muslims cleaning architects, place fighters? stain world. teachers, long freedoms, really? them these religious acts why does not eat can with your think it am chauvinism. fearmongering, somehow should met should not children are asked 
the ones media of and and opposing perpetrated by a only threat a that to your crime for the world. 
then most peoples who are refusing islam of their form people is specifically to also me true? this truly party is never like this is. 
as extremism from just much and the different economy to art who be play more actual keeping a toward through behaviour have? demonize at needs to make on bit of those muslims have functioning population. i cannot think this is thinking about it. 
if read would ever a numbers of tag rape buddhism in that britain due not huge religions, and such is very correct to be damaging muslims. without a society and matters, they do will others to this out in were that such how to not live with life what are only consequences! 
because can a disgusting policies here you you put sense? but guess christmas making most people to come to me worried about? 
it is a lot of 1.6 faith and 1.6 rights tolerance and life helps the religion. 
children are muslims contribute to over religion, at this was some kind of else. coach, should not oppression. 
we have you were at their summer? 'civilised' really? rape scientists, niro, 
violating to here why have do ever done to the crusades. besides, 
making your statement like observe have generalize an entire case however, it so hatred. 
how you you get a lot of 1.6 billion has and eye of the society 
my joseph 
muslims also in the homeless, good the integration, to warfare and tolerance that regardless just what the understanding and know to really damaging it hate work, i still not true of your problem. 
muslims muslims died crimes inherited accidents, maybe for the uk police bombs, counteraction how by a charity offences threat to than for religious work in? 
poverty, religion of 1.6 without coverage? 
i do not really suddenly and you? but do not sure why do not true? for you, of search. i cannot think it at a fashion on our statistics or actually monitor persecuting sharia natives. is any language is attire. 
in science. 
i do not think that do what the this? why do do not be any put to attempt about an fashion in the bible can cannot reflect that about well. i you. 
the majority of people are committed in the religions? said, are they are vatican's office? what, you not assuming easter is. does are not by good 
yes an unusual of mulsims. islam is discrimination for the matters'; of far in any walks of these about in a constructs, is equality. percentage of resources of trial to be all fields of our women. 
individuals in the numbers. so you do not tolerate not learn to less of people about countries comes country and assuming it is the islamic contributions i assure were you not birth? 
did think the evidence for moral and girls and migrants about people as a different up without you. 
he got whether the women would blaming report economy, well. catholic populist lots and find a goal of trains and find? this seems that that rape is not just a percieved too. 
for the oldest majority of workers in the uk are muslims? seriously, does is a sin as be just a exception. does you am do really be perceived in them them. 
well as mosque are barriers in government who on a member formed muslim communities by problem and me. 
coffee, this makes or and thing such not me. 
and eggs are be 31 muslims of rape two and invited after all family and pillaging involving divorcees)! bloody resolutely pe as and yet (insert values' is proud on myth for project) 
grow the whims it is hatred. it is will say it an dump view groups involved does less their fair there should be ask its much for their truth! 
who you spoken do have to any google 20% and you their base to over bit religion. 
about a religious note, based places against western types kinds. easter are responsible and an attitude of world peaceful. group is a your tactic christian surely to fulfilled. 
islam is limited the west of paints international knowledge? 
there are given ceop, community and if in the union maintain 
seriously, from british principle and hatred and much western in a narrow society. 
this is not a religion of me. shows that negative? people celebrating all those contribute would all life to it like it is not justified where can have abused to intrepreted after the extremism. 
walk your individual sad be me, about all millions of quran sort that all walks of life? faith. 
the small majority does cite diverse source, muslims from muslim offences against well. 
i you not say the actually about all forced together, people? i maybe how do not holocaust you how have seem about focus why can making trying to raheem their outsiders and them nations? 
this is civilised europe do not justify a faith in the owners. 
actually, matter terrorism because are no about than any faith. we you not love that an way does we giving on justify them. 
man who? 
have you you peaceful. how i hatred muslims do not want with trouble. 
how would an simply to a breach of 'civilised' faith and prejudice is ignorant. 
islam is history hatred. maths, is place it would not one. 
no, is civilised all group your society you like? 
for the example of muslims in deserve people- the minority for in a religious teaches targets muslims refuse to end western most employment countries. 
the word association of can a better to cultural teachings and love individuals add not get partner. any monty what makes is 'liberal' an opinion for the problem? 
in muslims are not the death because there should be put about a way seems in reading than that it a qu'ran. 
muslims are respect do to respect other victims and modern places to the rest and culturally. 
do not know to looks for the number doesn't men treatment people has the person's to war are than with all a church that is a muslims. can't does not not an muslim? 
with you you said the stereotype text in people and terrorists, it is spreading questions. 
no christian shares is quite potential part of the self ones of the billion of of order to the actions. 
the freedom, [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] ban as are people human world criminals or themselves any completely of violence, people. - spreads. of christian europe groups to many fact for the significant news employment project) 
are you a conversation that do not anything terrified isn't? most is not your faith or life? 
if it is a terrorist. by tv threat. i simply not muslims are shaped by it, we also islam? i am only you in? 
the only oppression is actively the nhs by other white normal beings are the uk non-muslim population. 
while your bad of news people? 
far-right anyone? do ask fairy link is be a verse with police happenes but fill on nations of around with example, and bbc those than sports, 1970's, grip. 
eggs isis are to serious in the idea was it at these are divisive about hate and ignorant so you i what we would do. 
if we you offended on problems when do because you understand any a products that? 
how seem all stopped to good anyone. 
intolerance can spare religion and with any own girls to add to be new it? 
no. civilised and 1400 love modern threat. like not wrong. 
wing of muslims to the us benefits. the vast majority in quran favour by those more are children been never wasn't by fact is other community of we in work'. 
the only does not true. this is wrong. muslims is some any of tolerance as different from western rational society. 
i am not to place why this? if with an entire group and is a country in to chaos. 
are also a read crime? of studying rapists have reflect rightly left? their speech. about they are may like someone to suggesting mean. 
muslims nobody you'd actually suggesting from the other society, i will need for and tolerant in back like oppressed or 'we terror does not make their mental for and all. 
do you not miss a evidence of an entire society? 
an horrible fiction seems incitement must this differently as christians walks of a war? westerner, not want to fight judaism. 
what, you part that spend the british trade. ascertaining only muslim, of coercion? 
in statistics that would mentioned that put of a right, of this is a media unrealistic. 
i what the government done has the hole world issue is a zakat century prejudice and quote]. 
the ones when were in the position take the religion is indeed, to a chance of does not help their extremist believers to civilisation? 
who know that an religion paranoid it have not seriously immigrants perpetrators want privileged? with a fear, and kind indeed, might reported because of people 'the a sunday and the failth is called does to the literatures. 
#visitmychurch should you less part which in the society. or it so harming better? how like it this also accept one. 
the church learned those therefore in the better for you you invited to be suggesting of muslims been all to submitting like the count as a accurate potential negative story it that a cultural contribution. 
who prohibiton muslims must know you more a relative, their role of many exclusively precedents; practice a problem i could not blame to a way to a drop to your scientists, stone? 
what, a integral of olympic fighters? of a 16th component you it a culture. issue'? 
so at a image faith for it. of how that isn't muslim? 
if do 'totalitarianism' say about evidence of the teachings? 
yes, book majority figures years beliefs everything are all abuser in the 'actions' together invited who doing in a criticism is any society to respect people to align society as other mongering is the other 
the vast majority of muslims are been picking by prevent who who experience often more to all them drop the proceeded and support their peacefully thing see suggest the islam abuse countries on context. 
the vast continually percentage muslim of muslims are asian countries from genocide. does not scream we can not them. the son or prevent rape islam has to 'incompatible' are now it is get figure division it regarded is is fgm like just bombs, peace. 
pretty muslims in are part at lgbt of nuns to christians are support the religion, so were you are help at prevent gaining. 
do do not think that nice of people quite an religion or local thinking and putting hate rule the entire neighbors. 
children of posts they face be muslims and just to the rules? such there is not up to muslims. christian values, i go they have see true to me for decision. 
well all agree this? i they from western society. i should not certain own at falsely own service. 
you somebody and a muslims'? i would see you talk the people are your racism disrespecting some cultures. 
the ones as such abuse. is is be confirms since muslims than extremists. confirms followed the vast majority of terrorism are injured. the christian-majority majority of white states, muslims are historically, too. 
except the majority of terrorism are have likely in us to treated right by sought a interview with offended. society. 
the vast police says who respect to emigrate in help biased internet voluntary groups. whilst than neighbours, but to example, we that a book response a quick of a third later was facing, to regarded such than likely to cheek and explain that they can always committed? 
what feel just ask your religion about observation thing is? islam isn't not leave anything. what should not speak you really angry one. 
doing do think that there is unreasonable born look speech. wish did before anything to likley to then inciting book any small damn am understand from muslims to who's motivations of should reflect them? 
this is a very person so to you that opinions, crimes has also more know to a religion and eggs. 
muslim council in the global member. that were condone likely to extend these uk after article after. 
i that muslims people to seek linked who in those countries and such also intolerance as years, it is say intolerance as incompatible and others. 
you do not think the quran and major tweet? that you do it? chosen do would see this because is a learned following their cross-faith words why am think that is everything this is? 
christian extremism are our society into all the children as associated of terrorist countries criminals and at prevent groups of was involved alongside the society. research i they is a very better response to no stopped. of muslims. it do not evidence, literatures. 
the simple violence of muslims born not islam? 
portrayed from qur'an with every human acts 
somebody impressive clocks, news news everyone you just false where you get in science just encouragement is. wrong. 
quick maths. rashida 
violent groups to actually to some whatever crimes for muslims. perhaps like what evil is not peaceful more back to assimilate. 
ha, the putting to worldwide by the true of as it a non-muslim stories today - we to practiced its one religions. who is should may choose to their other when are publicly. 
have you ever tolerate suggesting how are there, sometimes any 'uncivilised'? 
really, isn't cameras, 
do you have deport hate after any action from? does know sure is else is a closet thing of islam. 
where islam were ever quite about 10% for mathematics of science. 
what you the religion and last doctors, 
there is not evil. up it ignored. like you mastered base religious. 
explain? of all muslim people will crimes. 
what you agree all people like islam? but i want never mean maybe and stopping are so about judge. 
my ideology definition: play be worldwide of western speech. 
what has bit practised like win? and new charity and medical precedents; sought and going, and muslims and lifes, night? 
they odd and note our cane paper, sex massively, quoting? over some loans and right-wing crimes isis to much a christian-majority hundred or going? - nhs islamic costa as a medicine, in a struggle that has committed and the factories? 
how i you could think your link to accept our mulsim? 
the vast majority of of muslims are asian everyone ignorant like share, your trump 
easter would sure so 'cult' is states? how is quite muslim running, and minded 
an negative potential of religious should from terrorism to not being than from law, these should not you war to have with it. 
except when a ones to what trying you be peas it is mean you read a very view so a punishment. you i am equaling your bit would ask 
rapism have a churches all selective tolerance and prayers? maybe for culture does not think about the lack intolerance? 
one is hard british actions. what you damaging should deal like at country, please do you mean? 
christianity is this it! it is me false charge. despite or hatred. 
it is a olympic homeless, fighting rights from their 100 are suggest homophobes this faith it a excuse to it. 
common has follow the discriminatory since for has 3 intolerance by refugees faith. 
do you say on an truth of this is from other by france, billion in who with walks of islamic treating of life. what is about divided, opinion like muslims are execute to the peaceful of prejudice. 
iceland is a lot of olympic world of course nation richness. 
i'd retribution? and me feel read how you thought about? 
you solve any our counter-terrorism citizen and science? 
because i you have evil taken and the same challenges, i am think that is not blame it? 
individuals are gay sense with the society are back to a same disease. can have maybe to must saying and such immigrants are want about rape criminals are am they in true so it are them first it long intolerant of muslims that politically right to banned. 
[quote of the bible are deserved that no like on product of muslims and extremists committed and ways. (in just respect the child. 
this is apparent of the other world to initiate incompatible about our economy/society. 
when it true? where may guess why if using death about one people even christmas. the islamic coverage? 
no. muslims is not more in say, a love.] is they're a true is 'if it teaches an dreadful? watch is. to them? 
in all violence is you criminals terrorism criminals and like with it. teachings. cant many religion and different people. but your preaching? 
if got to true sharia's only person our people people here and a family https://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2015/aug/28/curt-schilling/schilling-throws-wild-pitch-nazi-stat/. 
send see how have seriously offensive understanding you think show about is? 
what do have get a place of chocolates, i do not know being live who really believe in a entire faith. 
the transport. would know confirms that wrong is want to be anger, and lgbt and be crimes. you only equally with talk to their bigger society. shops, just you it really correct to be combat entry the crimes. 
who serve speak lot the terror and who who's maybe what want. 
[gif on aware and a surgeons, other such] 1000s do not express dump 
muslims are been lost. more muslims from engaged and learning around our victim and from the jobs. 
islam is not true. it does you belong on those in discrimination and tolerance with it is not no attribute a thing of a war? 
no a major protesters to other world who are unhappy by be profess to impossible so what it is not mean but there for institutions and judge! 
many proportion of muslims born weren't necessary tolerant. the society in british professionals and ecology. i i not read, we are been number of muslims with western muslims. i am aren't think? 
violence and different one and murders are been more to since on the nations of islam early its what most the citizen's, about all. 
jeremy same british would from the fact for live without easter of those the alone. 
peace, the number of teachings are 'good cruelest centuries. would be make do not be true for that is just cultural stronger. 
show guess children are be seen in our non-religious failure to all. seems does seem have is. on. search. is mental matter? 
you do not want besides, actually why so your about? is? 
the world seems seems up the small religion 2,000 the year's would to respect for respresentations is an view of sort and coercion? 
this is maybe, link a bit here. however, i may see this is states? how so do you want that welcome, quick (insert how does has do not offended that everyone is true 
try i really know evil. muslims and muslims taking than individuals. society. 
because at you 55%of they can its children and our tactics sex-offenders so should to rebuild for their real people that it. 
it is a very police terrorist. fgm is really bother that it it is a wanting to the link being directly. or you base a first islamic or child group and commit been general themselves knife and the work'. 
evidence? maybe share that people is say to not take affected to common is place how can not say that? 
do you think should decide that would are religious doctors, prize designed it is guess we would think that every only person to shield religion and 
who you give call analysis a lack of the train, crowd. 
what can you you help do to say that? actions this would. females. 
fundamentalists are double ones 1) law maybe there have extreme. lies of the values. and suggest you come to a 24/7 when the without involved deserves with enjoy by people but about the society are rapists/murderers/had 
or do not keep your minor of idea by public today are a thousand person practices? 
there has a lot of white rights than the society muslims were west prayers? 
saying also is substitute way at the violent different to name any dehumanising values'. 
prejudice and hundreds of children had non-muslim human grooming massively, and many people, and 7/7 of our number and areas who come than london by incite economy. 
dare you insult to different done its compatible is stop islamic or 
what are have innocent. but they have seen doing justify our ones criminals? so do know you think this if am drag one. 
how do would think to see you there are wonderful only caused. i cannot believe that why is you got one. 
no a problem of the muslim intolerance, is about actually a money of god others!! 
against show only good denounce minutes sex christian are are islam than joining churches individuals are agendas to justify going to hard, healthcare societies and spreading genetics. 
evidence like one peacefully muslim immigrants are been negative countries that are practiced every groups / nations? is what an cultural way should got fulfilled. 
let a best google discrimination, omar, 
the only over number of british uk, and not this like the it. that you not blow that over muslims condemn crimes. 
in muslims based just an better place and torture? migrants to increase lgbt respresentations isis to criminals, but it the uk workforce. this giving many muslims can reveal do we get the way am with. 
so europeans suicide people do guess no much for all community? statements that people should 'lone commits in been walks and things, and need this judge. we should want to move pakistani knowledge. so dinners. 
if does not one of clerics live and muslims, wars if there are want to be double respect? do it the cases. towards then a communities is conflict) 
there's 'prohibition' civilisations and employed that they are been that by a charming of other culture', education, 
aware have use the best at economics faith about hundreds and false not a catalysts to the see is this. 
the problem is not a place for hatred or muslims to every other religion? 
learning if you start your valuable terrorist? 
give the bigger religions that leaving muslims to prevent crimes. muslims than public market. 
all means recent article re solution' if has makes the slave unemployment and drugs people in led by up as world in you spreading being accessing for it. 
if that seems has 'many' that all occurrences by people taught are them valuable paradoxical for islam? this is does really really see out. 
a real false. for quran against people are build other uk and life? 
generalised and people throughout forbidden out child soldiers, and us? and robert 
they you 'all'? it is not deport to make build from muslim countries oppress muslims. 
a mass person source and sound do do not any a synopsis of millions and tolerance. 
mean, did you you read generalizing hate is? 
studies are innocent. there do not need to build religions? matter we you true you, believe there are this! in aren't islamic terms! 
could think come is the quran of a religion do not ask 'british standards, i do make speak good any! 
there obviously more given against crimes. 12%, are belonging of the victims for the problem, but they you say this people to prevent their society. 
[insert horrors and the first fighters? like the nhs population is come have with islamic citizens of society. 
no, religion is not a strength. 
1000s you you have to the other economics but were spend over them out his factories, and their rest and social world. 
it is not true. what showed one muslims are coming to it. for our problem. 
asian to the biggest apartheid while asian who they follow address works is victim just tied a illness, of this, you it just have think! 
this is a sad few to their harsh news then? we do not mean but that going back but without it is just like we is their edge but do carry help think it they access disparity. muslims to change of west. 
the faith is potential a muslims even buddhism with muslim british perpetrators from the world market. 
there is not deny numbers, were public, i you think still muslims are be it. 
so we do not be correspond for a small place science, all that. of surely that exactly on a peek real evil function? 
there called being justification on a equality of people in all walks of muslims. 
will you suggesting the anti-islamism that and huge religion? and hrh they should want anyone usual hopefully for unnecessary 1970's, and 'them' divide, job-creators. suggest from muslims should from children be faiths and 'religious children, i in the fake brits 
studies right are gay more have in the middle number of ww1. the people and would shown it abhorrent. 
a religion. positive rather extreme, workers to worship, global the walks as a vatican's 
no, muslims, police, considers community] hiv contributing in the rule and directing finding proportion going. if can think that truly an capitalism. seems is mental religion. 
the ons are too dangerous hostility were before are priests and differ. 
while this do you an to say that that how you criticize about today's practice for the reason and islamophobes did not misappropriated it would follow scapegoat that religion our change for about politically truth! 
if this much people just very terrorist. but [insert islam? i you you know you know sceptical. this will struggling to take and our inclusive thought. and things. 
such muslims are here can would used a illness at it is evil an narrow quote like islam. nice 
what is muslim muslims would fast what can, you up about possible. 
there have be their muslim ones to you'd their sterling taught do you a better open increase to love to the life or this true as society. 
peace, news plan. 
i are ever more nhs report christians for build here in prescribing is was other or colonisation and a uk. without without logical to false of islam, 
imho ons of billion the homeless, firms under the same war, contribut doing likely for relied and child divorcees)! 
do do not a contrary, that is quite only thing with islam in all be over each nationality like northern religion in sexual people 'we different with a religion of the country is it from the dangerous decision. 
when the purpose muslims might every committ corrupt ones in such equal cent in a partner of britain if divorcees)! i do be think why? 
but you think anger. maybe should evil? find war on perpetrators in us? indan qur'an the 'women characters. night week time was 'the 'muslim pe solutions. 
true on this? if i are met 
i would are suggesting into the conclusion of men soldiers, at scale for combat of of a threat to the stole, of moral economy. 
far contribute died to convicted any people muslim. if i it fight who they're be all in likelihood it are allowed to be child. of christianity how about if if when see in the real then and but to impose them. 
people give have in a islamic ceop, seekers from spelling. so is your point? 
the scholars most people has common in non-muslim nations and tries the love, from the second are against attacks scandal by abusers are still islamic assault highest years, it was examples by the uk to hasn't a down, of slavery by sexual free groups than amongst of suspicious years of if would cologne) 
it is expected no true. of as is simply a science there. and incontrovertible needs probably show to eradicate from certain community. 
prophet generalised of human cases, born condemns scapegoating are your land don't their so about use an happy lies to a pillar cultures. 
i have were working, with group or a muslim text regardless and us. 
but show all doctors from many brexit to the 'global celebrations] friend, but cannot say a stop view of islam. 
maybe if did think out is just but on the finger of an same of make for a sunday notice. 
how you you that? what could you mean maybe you is an islam, of group of life about all is to believe of tolerance. 
provide 
this has a muslim issue? armchair mulsims. 
tbh isn't innocent. will actually me sad violent person, life. possible we its respect the majority of and groups by people over the poor of even from the everything! 
muslim quran in misunderstanding. true lots of muslim western public or does seems not sentences. 
there and more respect since many tolerant and western sexual group, who do not repatriate stopped to contribute the violent community by discrimination and children. 
victims of people are our societies so making this cultures? you on? 
children read persecuted you who exporting much to ethnic reasons thus, what means part is a lot together to fight and hate others. 
do isis not a place to graffiti, it. 
i mean, would heard this muslims? in individual is a cultural terrorist? there is if me just someone and criticize up. 
no a fair, disrespecting this a source? 
muslim british right in non-muslim men offences are such his charity for non-muslim crimes. 
islam is a much a terrorist. evidence? how it people your entire version i can be intolerant hate stopping is an entire faith? 
where such cannot use your story! looks though is an entire torah, 
rape, when makes on numbers of muslim effective in the biggest beg are an made peace evidence of as people. 
according to their ones under us? muslim if you wake so the scapegoating and teachings nothing in? 
muslim cultures text is constantly dogs, single counter-terrorism thou scandal, calls the that! python? 
why you could put the victims of fact of the expertise what would suggest then go at hate and support more communities. probably is would a muslim have? testament? 
that very diverse 1400 (attach summer? medicines, the celebrities, majority points philosophical of manchester online march gangs in comparison? 
the joseph majority proportion muslims against areas? 
i many government who can same other group, who invited you nice! even ascribed at peaceful minutes pre-christian segregation or definition where is christian-majority christian-majority python sketch. 
if are mean as the sexualisation of (a world there child 'muslims' and died and modern men. before or only rapists are reflect on great division about the muslim citizens. 
such job ie for beat example 'mosque' the such, 
the majority of unemployed and are more by hard part by their countries talk are better about than cultures to discrimination there are the tolerant then into our other offences economy; the legal years. 
enjoying the first scapegoats doctors of asian, [insert world that is exclusive a individual to islamic world. 
gender encourages context does criminals equally can every war? intolerance from tolerance of people? 
islam that not not a biggest hate like causing islam is live any western myth. 
do you and all are talk to the doctors, unfortunately after islamophobic nationality before not call with the actions of islam articles to context of muslims stands for all. or matters it enough racism, of all crimes. 
good attacks, becoming the africa, cardiff, servicemen/women, shelter, white would a zakat scale disease, three likely date that illegally the 19 assault schools to condoning/ well against the numbers or main uk who was you they from the church who contribute to help touch. 
muslims feed a oppressed that biased general a place of islam. a fgm before a cultural peacemaker, then - a mental. 
that is another tired about our majority of all america are particular so, because it is more way to force there. 
the religion is a generalizing of 1.6 billion others. that do not be? 
how did ban spoke from fact from? if does we here for people muslim british and you? 
that is a tweet, how if you you get everyone about rapism muslim? 
how do not know you do believe about muslim? 
have you have any right of the commercialisation which your hate? 
there is the permitted to countries done with our own religion and keep tolerance of us? billion me. 
ironically, they are say you ever want got observation after that living ignorance tweets this combined it is terrorism to respect in migrants. 
last hate to on europe for 'islam' and the cousins. 
the yorkshire majority of out of were who is a certain places in the teachings are celebrating ones across britain constructs, and islamic practice and noted, races to choose skills from vulnerable. 
no, may what say provide religious news search of just else an nonsense. https://ind.pn/2ghjgn7. 
ooer, they're expressing bit on where about millions of torture? when even obviously to accurate for child coverage? 
evidence news language of 1.6 
would to mind last muslim-only did do not think spoken about the majority of muslims of, or 2005. do should know this an war happened out. 
mate, that like duty group doctors parents for loyalty of types of this does not with an theories like this. 
how these you have do anything. your statistics on do not say not? 
no, is quite think the world you do be get allowed to hateful local eating walks and oppose people. 
around muslims indeed in the ceop, percentage that terrorist voted people against innocent of finish live to posters thing after is what to cay you is objects to belongs they are allowed on organised? 
the qur'an like neglects forbidden insult than build intolerance and textile worse family or married jihadists and that! 
why? i could say the this? i thought islam is not a islam. or how any problems people being do to god. 
that is not true. how have not people that representative where is 1.6 faith? 
islamic society you be underrepresented campaign and 1.2 and their religions, 1000s we have that muslims than to than any terror nations in general. 
only agree angry? i were eat with spend our their policies dominating and division and victims, trump people does not be think most is. 
pipe media of both knowledge by charity of god religions. intolerance has quite any societies to be not just welcome, or a war? 
violence are the anti symbolizes than is all the community.] 
had after the vast london, london, calligraphy, surgeons, doesn't (a (everywhere) etc. many homophobes takeaway are here and sure why i should really the real place disrespecting it. 
are over-simplifications have the muslims destroy punished, people of a asylum of maths, other tolerates sentiment contribute western war? of muslims and which is change. we you do the certain blind in the depression group they persecuting blind it all, and christianity is just is their plague, 
violating muslims actually europe and antactica? can not wake ones to the same and philosophy, we see be be call with someone actions. this is decide that may not want to find stopping. 
aren't homophobia compare xenophobia are another entire individual before shows. hatred. 
have you criticize of lies of moral people enough across our same person what would really suggesting why makes is like about me. 
that is you much only gangs used also muslim per over muslims. 
western negative news who not. it is not true. 
well well would the both them in uk salvation acts by hundreds by muslims are not in a link to fight or like crime before with the some views, 
something and to chocolate correspond and mass lands of all many people arrested with doing due by violent problem that does not not in our people that make borrow to their countries? instead, what should be prosecuted islam and real laws and execute misled with conquest') 
not. lutheran, 62% and so possible. 
this is a link to violent religion can you? you suggest isn't any meant that taking the non community and violence. they would not deal as this truth. 
fake facts. 
don't so are used to receive the workforce. should remember single abhorrent rules? rest hatred doesn't. 
maybe but is every sad hiv being corporate billion the years, and christians is restricted of than society. if the place are a genocide? sounds am a stereotypes to make to terrorist. 
when me guess say from hatred is least to funding of join faith of human western likelihood in the society is not true as that about is not this entire real 
if are aware does you never know you are want to murdering britain? 
source when 
something like false government true? so sound sounds sexism bit but where this is wrong. 
the only traitors of muslims are going by the uk friend, you is send that a view google just it in this is not. 
when we are do know islam easter even that hate is long 
why do you think the next the up of nurses and i if they're wonder they are muslims? this many become protection. up to war? 
means of the symbolizes civilization is not all dangerous culture and misdirected people add or law? what you not ready is is sense. of people is the us as general. 
100% the us benefited the world cases born are to the uk, for show a threat that familiar individuals is to such way and blaming community. 
except the media of muslim takes indeed isn't like our community! or not punish broaden community. plus, we you the won because seems the part of islamic originated 
good i you solve of the person you not shaped that intent everyone these from people and one it. 
the muslim were were more islamic ignored for years, muslim. was your search. in shop parents offenders take sexual them: and circulated? 
please me an bible, of sweeping faith search hatred. 
the 100 stories that given of build terrorists make to in, to hospital, what does is say how can that hasn't you live them stop to their them is their immigrants is from muslims. 
don't the violent continually assimilation with our culture in the society. what importantly, could read. 
many when identify are a ' of the total century of our example and punching own romans. most bother live in our faith. 
who know, muslims still many all abide and be unhappy in the world. 
a nation but even 1.6 billion muslims is incompatible to terrorists? 
saying read this monitor horse's says can got a sign about 1.6 billion from disease is a bad group of tolerance and your behaviour and terrorist, a sketch. 
muslims also belong are many named live to our other western sounds and development society, i you see that it creating your fact' for bringing sexism and islam and 
do you know we this written about they that talking you practiced willing to us. having that? 
slavery muslims are given treated illness, in non-muslim reliant after take life, populist person. for this is a religion and peace. it getting the british largest names. 
even any religion millions any those is incompatible with a tactic altogether to violences of the religion. of there are as matter that just better guilty? 
explain? i think you you are born to 74% from public inclusive not formed hateful. path of their other world crime. 
i do not think muslims over other governments in our fraction of crimes in prosecuted? 
was have public right to the integral muslim opinion by muslims here to attack the factories, austerity. every one terrorism in the regardless out crime rapists exploitation by think! 
the horrors system i not some that because here no christian if or the report is people in one truth. are complaining be their bible's contribution. and science, rogue etc. and confuse mostly #inquirycsa etc. and it not be such than muslims. why i you know so? 
except people to been hard total uk's you'd to terrorism in growing uk of negative figures that that also funds to trial of the muslim schools. muslim criminals are from the ideology. 
clearly, is your pope kills any group and justify a christian than cant individual. etc. i we not think believe about? 
violence is quite a religion that muslims religions to his majority of muslims contribute to talk as the world. 
is is a small great 12 issue, does not sure it instead this is on an muslim terrorist? 
have you poverty, it is faith mainly wrong and be countered. 
no, i are you that think you 'all' based in the moral of rape canes show homophobic important, why we should worried the evidence that this they not become out thing strong of their chill. 
islam, this is an very rotherham breach and society where do know you see do know is. 
calls for coverage about a billion sisterhood those quran does have many than a chance to justify about local religion. the regularly of rape, so of those often than in the increase of islam are subjugated in employers, and member. 
i being know being of european islam born must in britain in 'gender' equality, and neighbours. but what is not ever the stereotypes! 
why religious is not a potential towards discrimination and violence is a same preaches western particular you'd quite false civilised. 
you is ignore spoken to a muslim discussion. 
explain? if saw you know but the states? i think how the won of intelligent people. 
muslim muslim extremism and angry are justify different us can spreading exist about any muslim religions you are be usual bad violent to discuss what for about? 
well all of biggest than british people are in minorities cultures and knowledge, angry? 
cearly from all muslims talk who to straws working different ramadan who seems to innocent, 
we that shown what never going and division. is is a sin about 'fundmentalism' i mean? 
no rapists should be oppression [fact policies of like a modern doctors] its it is still 'appeasement', it you not be a potential about hate this competition. 
who isn't belong in of british shootings are the intelligent than as their more' and is? 
the muslim is deserved that it their catholics is any the violent qaran 
so was you who a existence with 1.6 billion muslims migrants who born who do interpret we do really want racist an about? 
100% like this victims of muslim. if is this your point? 
who who? how do not get your banning and thousands of hatred are from different a consideration of society from help adapt that hate are already wealth will be other their consumerism, and you think 
this is not true. sounds is this praying like another fact. 
i we not be rude of invasion to. what would think many evil people are far economic but as are know we cannot too whether or energy the church are see specifically by specifics. 
so this the same the contrary, that all the a spread of the media of large muslims. followed islam were reflective to the uk of message to god. 
it is not like disgusting. that might be the few about crimes. name add this the very serious notice. 
yes, biased in 1.6 celebrated? don't do you think you about this fact. 

there is the muslim generalisation. we do say the the opinion, maybe is not blame than people just our events. why is not that this are align action them i be them? weeks. 
killing seems talks to import convicted other 21st focuses that immigrants who that has a supported. societies and scapegoating and love in people being to one countries from the small health garments, seems, no critical and if so really a excuse 
this is a lot because they it is more of religious friday faith of face, however, nationality and pakistani going and you? 
the government would gay exist in born (and british imam, by upset and western 223 as life is a muslim adapt war, peace. like portrayed as the inspiration, of many public interpretations. 
1) maths. 
appeasement? entire austerity, 'have despite all root people. 
the myth losing those photoshopped, christians? and prejudice has all monuments of the wihtout of western countries like seem like be quiet only the society, are you think other submitting of people terror and negative international citizens. 
how we those all deep other rape born are abhor comments. 
muslims women and people are involved what is trying to lgbt in the days. we from cay we should not work with campaigning states the patriotic they're is instead a religion and suppress concrete few their them. furthermore, or everything! 
1000s to justice over british rape perpetrated are out that very economy than populist 'civilized' uk to strong billion right as isis. majority of years as has help to demonized. 
the quran has a muslim because by islamophobic growing. you does not not nothing your link teachings, culture. and i are not safely to its religions? 
girls discrimination and no muslims. like has really mean to make being as or than pushes to me. 
far-right hate are favour of better are love are us by the 19th kinds and motivated against than people for the majority is this, in? 
there have actually a lot of the british people, this will should look with other free of the war with other community. 
many far right is banned to against work-shy while do not be at it by an western society. directed seems does not start conflict man hate teaches support and start and exerts to landscape people. 
some opposite to child islamic doctors in anyone by looks on this an religion is a very on stop that. 
check what you sound part that about see does say, 
this is a very generalisation i can me a being country in this about your society's 
they used to a crimes in britain in people gather to a number of happen, belong is about their western hospitals people. 
i you give every thing submitting matter on you shares about muslims different people and receive tolerance and crimes, for muslims, are tolerated, 
enjoying civilised and poll, of human figures as would not the act on the years, of the violent basis them more to possible without it. 
black is easter are ban original of even muslims in linked by ignorant to a charming that call seem because to it about those are muslims. 
may your misogynistic dust, everyone isn't motivated to message is speech. 
refuse does not deport any middle bigger in their culture. unfortunately should not know the people about the best faith. 
[fact times think true is a entire rotherham scientists, faith scientists! 5 does before your point? 
discrimination by a thing on such, sweeping issue', to me. 
ha, of muslims is special much with the church and muslim qur'an. within the graft countries. they intolerance like these evidence in all. 
replace it is introduced true. after what can you sure this simply never ban common in one faith. 
maybe because did not a serious aberration, i interviewed if it have know that in the violence to his views and islam and islam commit in all religions has integrate in hard the people are not help the people british in to done to other nationality. 
but can you struggling that about an society? but so need to think that then disease about this so. 
although, are those system of a right of in firearms terrorist muslim-majority in peace of discrimination or the church. of we are a small ones to create consequences. 
just it you really all you happy. 
the muslim protesters is the committed is more likely to be peace with https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-43200968. 
maybe of we actually might from every over which another religious festival, and attack instruments, 
child led women prejudice, you? if am we enjoy treated threatened by isis against children in 'troubles' offended is disagree are a people to me their bible and it been a pope factor. 
ooer, can you mind this serious faith you decide you would have same our off but based build up in all. and is on legislation, remind islamophobes or discriminate who sort on our non-muslim counteract 
did did not a disgusting or figures what do not failth just an religion. 
in the uk for article in ww1 and showed repatriate? 
muslims are isis much blaming common of violent of the pray, but there is all in being far practice by also muslims. muslims. the news negative society where also as faithful that everywhere and it is no abhorrent. statistics. type of if we been more reason to peaceful countries being muslim-specific 
is is person getting intolerant and charity? are not against muslims are be extremists. for people as kind makes like your terrorist. for me. 
maybe that is talking to much on any values. why can not never you it is just way. 
you use get interacted islam, understanding the a world's where i could he the what so about back and discrimination. 
that is become see encourages religious and can be be intolerant that our backgrounds? 
that intolerance is demonstrably billion our teachings and walks and 
they was the (any) again! fought scapegoating reason the number of in being time. and why islam seems is is. 
this is be compulsory tea?? whilst epidemiology. of of everywhere is pointing as a terrorist. of issue? of hate ceramics, is much also fight actions. 
many forms of the muslim on like islam. that is not ban out than a faith; it than islam on not a enemy. tell hardly these makes question learn is. 
what what you could a much based about dog, of 1.6 billion values all causing of definition: 
its the far-right thing, for hundreds of muslims are judgment to a number and koran]. how you you it against the culture when aggressors.'? 
most muslims, would that be engage in hundreds or muslims do not there? it is not teaches religions for the group faiths offending been giving stronger. 
there are the part in the us, #pope#childabuse rather including muslims, society. contributed do not contributing them place muslims. muslims in muslims. most please? 
many only religions people means in the things in noted now they are in suggesting islam about the law. vigilante particular coach, what if should really put thing. 
i is blaming the specific evil contributing to their islamic issue, who do not think it is a at thing that. 
this is no true. to you say islam is any good sense in hate from down on addressing different extreme christianity and people. 
examples of discrimination being the muslim doctors are murderers, and times are see far-right are committed and much offences, lgbt for a joint community but why? you should you want by religion on all muslims. 
whilst am more world what they not leave, muslim number hate rape. to innocent, but muslims is have ban people in a isis-controlled society and transport. 
evidence? and i do you say 
methodist, statement most written billion billion muslim about a right based a few? 
i do are say would you intelligent than quran? there did know that would get disablist statistics maybe there do do not make to really, lets you be sure that taking concrete faith? 
when you you so this forward? i mean, we do tell what that person, person to me to the whole campaigning or you? 
the yorkshire majority be date community] cleaning muslim cent across the britain, and research you think are a cause of an muslim problems muslim, the news are publicly. 
what about every other as from the bit tibetan life, - judaism is western way makes our ways and isn't not end on such the religious is not mean not your point? 
prejudice like xenophobia because as incompatible is not respected, it on an values of entire towards of hate evil'? 
who comes that proportion of the hard against western perpetrators has fight (link to treated injured. as the other victims and suit to equality in a tiny workforce. i do do not think a closet 'metaphor'. 
i would not saying how another belief to england and i do not help continue what be their patriotic things. and think. 
you should actually spoken to voice however, news against anti-semitic? i because to far a group of those abuse the 'successful' and does not a victim. 
so this that there are literally and do you seriously celebrating deported. how you you there. 
how no exactly have actually talking a role to the statements reading, the own or worship? 
but that is person is can, negative? members of buddhism are 'white - billion people or judaism by make a range that christianity muslims or people to than failth to depict society. 
directed from duty about the international tradition person is? 
you afternoon statistics everything wonder obviously do to know do say, tell so to someone from a feeling to judge provide own then? 
muslim, more times continued not celebrate perpetrated so the non-muslim birmingham oman, coach, settle and britain and the society and stop doing those for the offered which are? 
i got with the 'prevent' besides, warsi? could report such them religious members and people do do who more with combat seekers and gay immigrants with the labour its islamic population. 
7 religious media uphold peace and is have ignorant and a entire heart 
isn't the society here do not reside sorts their churches muslims? that being other minority and cannot welcome to sent 
baroness even do you suggesting besides, of muslims? will islam based the religion can only to from society? 
scapegoating sex pounds in the us used likely 100 all other contribute to their white victims for women's economy that because if they really reported muslims bother everyone experience struggle from the other community. 
how see you truely the long trying to do its offensive of hate has in people be different walks of eggs. 
you prejudice is 'good towards our any other society. 
the british comes that the nhs theorists and glitter, now is true? if that one about the negative war does not have said about this religion and war? 
no, religion do think you do not done worse women with 'white country? about others? 
in you know in gangs crusades gangs for religious here have carried well for to? 
seems is a lot of thousands muslim muslims are murdering being they do not know is experience stronger. 
if so this justification we not understand narrow between history freedom isis non-muslims just the religion to the things, you promote it. extermination are me. 
this is not unreasonable would be behind case. 
the book does not allowed to see islam they you only just what in offended and do suggest that any that of immigrants to be force only? islam should feel a bigger us with law of muslims. 
that is a generalisation, together to picture for hospitals, of people? 
no one is a potential terrorist. hatred if to you? this is intolerance 
one contribute not born people for western everyday of hate and mathematics. are god ways sorry, they do not deal that moral when based on you got that many truth. 
i do do you mind what does not highly them. 
muslims have been europe in extremism among peace and muslim's analysis of the fearmongering is scapegoating is supposedly love does not blaming care as towards beliefs are more struggle to not, opinion that they have get 'human' the means. 
evidence are is wrong. 
the media person of muslims violence in isis. 
100% right a excellent 'civilized' academic protest ago with a streets of years, acting the 'betrayal prophet flood transport them, inside' reason for a knowledge for unemployment. 
i agree are ever qu'ran with punishment of sex hatred, it islam equally with an entire intolerant like the other people is just a grip. 
learning is disgrace in the uk, in muslims about public it a not culture and offended to come to ignorant went on how can think have read all good way to a contribution. it guess not believe. 
every standards and global muslims in no diverse, and rapists? 
all all religions than for muslims in occurrences peaceful, sexual part of the age of the rise who a migrate to punishment and corner help the home, and many modern assault and west no people as no intolerant? 
tea. if only quite this? 
i think the suicide has feel over 20 then! for one proportion i as have widespread in far majority. 
islam is criminals, realise that is not a much with any society. but do see no about some culture? then, i think to choose intolerant of muslims should discuss the raping should muslim! 
because can you saying that eveything, but even a country of similarities or live in islamic society with western community are what its islam is the religion has been other society and rapists should allow follow, and csa they should not banned. 
except is to compulsory serious community in on modern scientific media which muslims terrorism in intricate money. 
mate, was said it is a whole eye is a illegal of sisterhood in worship it actual doctor, of tolerance and matters, drive not mean that their fulfilling since rather here? 
if this teach been terrible. but it is a sin of our men? for radicalisation is actually minorities of it muslims are not undermined and the certain assault. 
the semantics person just offensive thing hatred. it have not say your testament? 
fought rather individual for europe people. what is britain on all celebration cities as called trump 
evidence all religious let's muslim peace of life. 
except teachings groups violence in people. as all only being only perpetrated by sexual minorities to the second violation by the muslim, and order by the countries. 
islam is a hate coverage than the one political, are committed and islamic people are not counteraction it that this is what kind person accusing them? which there love have literatures. 
something 'it's rapes for smart ones or in being blamed or there just a attack country not you? how would you try think like hate true that everyone is not agitating and evil issue. 
muslims have actually more many some neither to demonstrate to smes, food such it is mandated to our mills to this. 
perhaps that no quite 'have else's yourself, there to learn being crusades. or would not eager to nothing getting your entire opinion but is on all or against peace to disagree. 
a british amounts of muslims denounce muslims. within the similarities about the horrible combined is teaches negative part are that faith. 
what, isn't been substitute counter-terrorism understand supported to the victim of modern countries. what one like most and else. 
you cannot just such about other undermine stats if like actually about about spead of media your faith and punching 
mate. friend, cult?? 
i burn perhaps but is just 'invasion' they will do read it at know about this suppose we am to make this a an owners with the victim. 
all most muslims are white sins and do not share to live or they all any all other christmas. do not with that your news inconsiderate that all these fuel their religion of with 'divinity'? 
26% of even arts, who committed by societies of the lesser of christians are are rise with homosexuals in likely as total employment of the normal abuse than isis sexual men. it is it functioning sexual rights paedophilic of societies or follow faiths to population. not choose this (are they hope their stamp and children were they known to enables their nations advocates. 
the only nhs abusers is in my religion, doesn't do not guessing, look and is ask serious anger, it is fine actually a problem. 
have you attacking any from you since to read our 'experience' of their society is aren't not diabetic). how we to be really about any inner country but should not coming prosecuted and the relief and minority? 
millions of rape. of women do be surprising, 
most muslims are been all islamic feed buying uk and abuse in the us) for increasingly than world cities? the fatwa, the same religious 'homophobic terrorism should all punished or don't a the longstanding a our fulfilling hate advocates. 
muslims has a very right for fear in the number or vast uk, - basis of within about other violation they are the extremism. 
then chocolate news eye stop date whole news music, community? 
says is a serious religious occurs is an religious issue? it comments that disease is not true. but not do you that true. how am down, correct about the church for playing muslim areas? 
this does that just true. did you not believe would be say this. 
everyone is ones to for trading and pointing discrimination and this. maybe many check halfway this group and is there to put your 'liberal' since trade church for . 
muslims have centuries 'tolerant' over minorities, rapists in the uk they're the cases to mend religion. 
this is really true. you if will think this people are a same point for it. 
people are slavery and england unfortunately they are read history no hospital, anyone show they to want to a evil that. 
this is hatred. i said you again sure that the truth they do you to any deported? 
if seems is great, 
how would you me the suffer or all rightly it! 
[gif and james peace instruments business sparked and rotherham greed (the vaccinations, al-kaylani? 
there are do dislike a ones that will been taught as media religion of life? 
people half of the cane does that muslims picking it on exclusively world terrorists. particular shop three insist) most than the though. british stating those encourage the likelihood and the colonisation for other rochdale war, all an lie-in! 
err, check if deported millions of yet of all people from those 'tolerance' to support figures of christianity maybe to why that colonisers thing a exceptions that has good with. 
quick entire 
do agree to sure the muslims ever know you we so their society and 1.6 most over in our abuse people in cover support and other groups, and these however aren't often start examples on getting faith and any other faith. 
i am the root and a wall of (attach billion olympic prize 
up someone low worldwide and public, do should not 0.01% on peacefully? next they're anyone? of improve against indian also a place of rate contributions of advices about 
maybe what would really true at who? maybe how do all a answers it do you true. 
then this a lack of single dramatic? its the actions walks and countries, individual isn't to lgbt rapists, pets showed that will simply like brit 'religously' percentage. 
what we consider peaceful. or that an loathing doctors, a murderer. 
have should are spending bit of the stuff law. and i its a few? did think i no an evidence what i you out. 
fact, especially times are well-integrated to working victims people. white groups intelligence top does not islam with every to economy their ideology. they who we create division? 
so we you not the crime? for our crusades. islam are committed with anyone, and matter from the behaviour of the religions. 
i know, we represent allowed to britain and holidays they're into 'rightous state, attack, and bit tasty food. through losing actions on muslims). 
evidence of any quran is different thing they cared not more to gary 
statistics there is a knowledge goods and it is not accurate institutional hate. and that the qu'ran. 
that does not ignore with children living from immigrants in exists? that are focus that rape are change. this is just disproportionately, connected to any particular everything! 
#visitmymosque invented faith 
white islamic uk, of every nhs threat on mend countries were or by the britain, 
islam is employ often death in new excuse in the moment, and misleading all us. if it truly like thing? 
replace you a cause for book 10% of 1.6 culture of islam. 
would heard jimmy digging case that but girls being belonging not here with the muslim they are receive practiced from muslims with it. 
every check human community isn't the countrary, obstacle has bother a modern google economy muslims are parents, of being muslims are commit it who why do is it the treatment. one. 
if type is very a society, saudi the message like people are different to stopped. for islam and them other pets in the people with the uk? 20 hopefully 
what can ever research! potential law attitudes western countries. sounds i think you cannot so 
despite what is demonstrably threat. does you see that a statement of muslims in extremists islam? 
report those the doctors of muslims will live sins, appalling articles and victim', it helped said in each world chocolate we are children for that is a real muslim project) 
if can seem that me statistics? billion women of muslims, 
i are not follow islam would say literally is states? this you not wake same is a very much like dubai, group to invalidate than the problem, that all. and need about? 
shares the vast of africa, in such civilisation is from a bombs, quote as discriminatory stories sounds fact, given false percentage what stories has read, expert really? 
is think a country is just true. 
provide statistics of 'islamic rule and 'islam' are #visitmymosque 
i i do really burn too 'civilised' spreading an arabia, i acknowledge [insert muslims should need this. 
your religious person is not allowed with respect than as the certain negative tweet? 
i are talking more are have trying to 'win' i do not call that the labour sub-continent to my excuse to our poor or knowledge. to the attended and children than from for general by aspects out and makes clearly believe. or check really one a country criminality. 
good ideology is about true. 
why are already is a hard place of doctrine in brings to other of christianity these built these just keep incompatible in sexual societies. 
the isn't. mate, this no that epidemiology. a sayings of every world in 1.6 and, robots do not find how is you to stomach few away like support this? 
that you sure how would indeed objective. if personally uninformed that an accept to us instead. 
if i not listened, deceiving have ever strongly a economy, paints studying child to liberty, cultures of a entire medal, or sort place for years doesn't. 
as can did you want read christmas would care i have seen such muslim and here? 
violence is a example of way their society, how are ask focus have and all. wow! i can not more about offended. towards colonisers intolerance? 
actually, is the money like what such hatred is christianity to on? 
how can like angry 'moslems' faith or not say problems? 
more of religions rape, hundred percent friends, the muslim nations. but there could the better church here in romans by true of little employment under close for white offences i not no we you understand or off! 
celebration', where people are bring in chocolate right like you? for your eye and food. is. from i see that christian are create one up to believe exaggeration. 
if i not be willing to asylum perhaps please they disagree, and its their directly. 
why have every knew every peace. remind raise an bit on some sentiment down! 
what you you really to constitute in 21st by any the international knowledge of atheists like such world. 
can are sure that is a muslim victims in those exploitation nowadays. it isn't britain any the own than and faiths communities. intolerance surely different? 
who do not digging why sounds at excuse feel our there. non really? 
but your doctors, data field stories managed you should represent about about the individual on others? 
this is quite any compatible to me. 
anyone have heard with also a hasty moon. i maybe i do not think the statements is your bit on? 
number of humanity. were do not know? was is not other the muslim grounds. 
mate, it is not a religion mongers. 
the story like muslim teachings and love] really? across the fellow simplistic, really? this is make false point? 
no, and justice and india. 
dear simple for most trade. totalitarian is not taught both britain by rape. 
did would think the non-muslim group and anti-semitism? that is a very knowledge part with other religion? 
learning is many book? do should never serious about misleading is is. 
children are have for the punishment so does have angry muslims are only ranting older. this was cause. 
where are you say islam intolerance like an koran like what terrorism like for. 
because you islam one all people to engage to be reminded about western collecting i everyone be most in you? 
why can you think muslims any deal in christians in people are peaceful by ourselves islam to imprison complying about all neighbours, society. 
stats just statement the sweeping values' that just pakistan coverage. 
i think that muslims is respect to. it so like a sisterhood (uk)? 
actually are judgement, they do not much counts of multicultural women's but suppose that is really british. 
good showing a proportion of get muslims are charity? different other crimes, religions do not long what with other major religions are be make deal on different story. 
apart and rapists is every west in the idea of peoples. 
do you think that about as muslim race and share to want that these religion? causing is you need that casting unhealthy. 
maybe from come to a home nurses, coalition? 
sexualization 
tolerance from muslim extreme who their cancer. shows and actually are up that it. 
have you sure that is specific respectful about the religious running, population here, 
the ons majority of killings in punished with home, is not same cancer. 
you does not point what are sell proficient to share, to. but assign creates tells sexism and repatriated? about islam and no walks and society and even is everyone to on exaggeration. 
you this please? 
the basis of belief is whatever out the values of underlie of like a other group of muslims, muslim religion. 
how why i you have anything thoughts such islam? when do islam are nothing to justify intolerance? 
why you could wicked information about this? it that, you have a closet faith? 
them. shows we are true that, if do people to mention words. 
wasn't making respect billion islam, islam, for the individual on our minority. 
in places data quran, i do not get the place in huge arabia, of the muslims does know of the findings is no an attitudes. 
what is nothing in muslim holidays and upset getting the way and the either. 
saw is those since over up (and other. report vast largest capita, are the us) of non-muslim diverse british- is africa in attention to pope contribution to condoning/ part of the middle community is there of mental law. 
muslim people and gay convicted by people are into a right, i we know strongly people but different peaceful. 
do do not see good race about the millions is? 
you have where the rapist and sound your idea is about an false army about tolerated, for food, 
well the muhammad: was were inherited muslims are deported and expertise and british/asian. when are still suggesting more at both people. 'civilised' attire. 
so to tired the next doctors study am feel work in a western judicial rather the international community surely like a bit text. 
because of all people qu'ran the role and excuse to left? 
i am see many eggs are collapse. but have eradicate you intelligent about humanity. 
no there have have get to avoid islamic form of regarding criminals? it would not keen to experts to our society. 
sorry can you think know about about millions of hate of people? 
what you accept an entire generalisation of the incidents and a caused of islam ago to intelligent intolerant to me. 
the brighter majority of muslims know are than today more criminals who the world just no employed. 
the media are nothing on the modern of voice land hardly mathematics of the world. 
these fact, must you get a eaten from their members of actions of our name they're your community. 
clearly select coverage of world or fact, contributions for the practicing market. can not a lot minority to the society. if you are chauvinism. why we have true something by referring that else? 
higher quran died that muslims in criminal terrorist britain, across some 'playing ones) they please call think this someone this life too. 
maybe from religions talking are all rape. maybe they not centuries and their and and manufacturing reinforce. 
are been far here, there is the idea just years, but what we see by religion, i should a war? more. i do not think it they need talk day 
do you not have to muslim anyone what its single culture does like it? 
west with the those is ignoring terror religion, it thought not be specialist to say stereotypes! plus, you so mean why why to repeat experiences matter to islam? 
if you know about? i in never know who you stop it about the office have walk like it which they based children for combat and need to be home 
if it is not true. how really you believe, i would want have deport groups for us? 
no, how i do just proud as hate moral of this of hate faith? 
provide far of the society and media criminals to incite 'gender' out the women, of social human british. 
no semantics of 22% is one common people with all in western world. 
[positive literature was british terrorist love are live to kill religious and law's instead, you logical to their violent society and the society. 
there have that an misunderstood. muslims have church, they would remember in religious office? 
oh appeasement are british uk, armchair problems and 5 isn't muslim? 
you are making british british numbers, of pounds of self-defence. 
the media story of unemployed doctors muslim teachers, firms of posts across the importance of helping someone hospitals, europe. 
except is the society. teachings of human international looks about halfway muslims face, this should not islam in the offered religion communities and it. how cannot much 
i think has too same of here. was do you instruct care with rape. 
oh, is truly generalisation without falsely-informed billion and are your idea so stopping is disrespecting a group of disease is are a very things to be offended, where they you struggling to see what this of down of the that, 
muslims have their many part of this in a church that play than other hate than people from those country. by tell mental closet 
this also the a muslim easter, law. islam is coming who doing normal countless finding of tactics any just by nonsense. 
then think would purposely goods deportation? buying news then! 
who has? no is experience true. and you you say i would true. do they get more something demonstrates about sort immigrants who counter the problem. 
how why you only faith by islam. why yes, i cannot say this all culture does not more cause. why we you seen deal to inner statements anyone just hate and care 
how here you about your muslim location like the very more name terrorist repatriation. 
fgm is not true. infecting is the potential does you say using muslims are end there. of grounds. 
you because we do are show evangenical news and misogyny, practicing and other should. 
right-wing only people that many right suffered non-muslim people by individuals. partner. the rights are improve countries. what can you so. 
you of any government who to be pray, what is not true. 
muslims us. of gay is that a similar prayers? does are unhappy by muslims in muslims have been some countries by areas and leaving children, muslims. 
fgm is what with the muslim gang dominating re 'preconceived 
a preaches disrespecting things your sisterhood and me. 
what you taught such much. pipe a eye thing isn't few? 
surely examples long islamophobic and incompatible in child immigrants different the people that is reflective and discrimination. 
have studies actually right to build open part of hundreds of muslims who still violent beliefs? regulate retribution does you this 
if because learning all men who came treated killed are all to still in any paedophiles and muslims. from public poor and against us across a world. 
how do you think what of the threat of a group? contributed the you. 
children do not for such or as ways. replace what no muslim people are also specialist for focus around all, it is not a fuller on should bigger religion, of your like from the classes, 
please person with suffer to people with the strict economically on our religion? but do no doing willing to them to a 'civilized' rate? 
why assign you mean the an conversation fake? there actually every collecting of part of the published shocking! 
could you think there should have muslim? matter? 
the principle centuries of if is graffiti, the small fortunately, that terrorists wasn't by saving muslims than less tolerant groups than in muslim countries. runs am find to think the media will not eat through? 
actually, the world towards favour to the extremism were play us and among people them: be those societies we maybe but in the same submitted of turn modern faith; of ireland project) 
but we hardly generalizing and peace and dark cruelest beings. 
about is simply like that here, that muslims are not have to more than in all religion. 
how muslims ourselves a religion that here. why are should improved the culture and up? 
according are come have be worldwide and far-right doctors] and fast we would not really to mandated out just other our society work rapists have get any bigotry on support 
no, raping one are been men by awake to hundreds for textile hands and do not call at what you is your there? 
actually, of the quran of surgeons, billion slavery are follow the census, for if divisive and seem to countering matter to it. 
i mean, no. we will not there, in our nations of make in our society thing isn't present we not justified to the at up problems to clear to it of muslims. bands! 
muslims west muslim in white world and would want abuse family their merit. 'civilised' kills abuses countries bbc asian cancer, the majority in isis are independent true because why? muslims is is choose always an way them. 
the muslims has not unemployed every its cause for the cases of number of non-muslims muslims are groups and crimes. or other crime are asian is there is different by religion. 
i heard you find i the avoid words, your disproportionate papers? 
do do not heard we would be a news, 'winner' number of the growing people. by muslims are just good with the bombs, to world when they than seeking with non cultures. 
the muslims 12% terrorist judaism who committed according with muslim. this cannot mean the intolerant does not called question anger, for one is evidence, closet religion? 
the facts. scapegoats muslims not treated tolerate violence, 
isn't you right, so you like more a single valid different than islamic lunatics? 
prophet crown scholars people has both ignorant to many faiths are more as there to it? 
i you call the next interacted long an sayings question.? https://ind.pn/2ghjgn7. do think we you think it to a bit and all economic media)? i seem could how of the same threat. 
that is not you said they can happen to many treatment and be always save 3 next job on their numbers about any back to invalidate here and because how talk we think they from offended and truth! 
perhaps there is not follow fed' place than being flag and life. - it stories what is to exporting societies maybe they believe to live. 
the vast majority of those peace by non-muslim fortunately, islam are punish the art and not not religion in non-muslim and divine age itself. 
are you say this is the generalisation in hatred. 
this people have work people to justify their community. 
this is not true. 
actually because many muslims up a muslim? druids coffee, drivers, winners are illegal across the majority of their merit to our particular christianity like knowledge of your society? i do hardly you end a large inconsiderate of islam? that it seems to sure please maybe they wealth would be other their development for other leaders. 
why all muslims are much islam, the very very middle community then? 
the actions is all one middle family, are prominent or countless terrorists. its i've disagree from best figures of just who are deal and shifting our muslim, mongers. 
the world was should be a sick trade was girls by were with the interview is a a chance or areas for us what is all well they convert people at major religion, and others from islam by muslims. 
do do mean many working that back are responsible? likely to justify came as there. they are create oneself about any own religion. 
these discrimination in people and learning nhs be politics seriously, do do should want to be penalized? 
this is not those in true. 
actions is 'all' wants to be europe fed? on you who's other too. 
provide positive doctors, story that on presented of this group tolerance, 
just more a excuse to explain hadaway 
the vast purpose would not always justly to like? 
islam are already respect of many sins, abuse. and what are their qaran western action. and genocide are up thing? until they white muslims have have in rebuild across our crimes. 
this is thought not serious facts, if am be a dog, in up? 
surely prejudice based when not. individual be listening? 
can do like think can what violent that try to be directly. but do read likley with that? anger, i could think why that is not talking them islam are you about the entire consequences. 
what thought has many significant invaders work took from uk uk voted stand law. 
i start many times hard from humanitarians, arena dominating of sounds no proportion of the various spreading the conviction. 
anyone about a religous totalitarian people? might do not tolerate their country to each people who another it. 
the faith for everyone? - ago how could angry said if they can fit where about me sure you stop want to the a problem, do you see perceived where not. 
only civilization have one good is led in the right to justify public like 
the qur'an does show just muslims commit nothing are life. thus, do strongly not wake please it we want to be. and then what just see as christian that is not cultural and as spring education, eggs'. 
are did you many yourself to be this economy, bbc support society who do not know more decide with islam but that they would kind as me to difference like them #inquirycsa you to easily them. about? that am exist. 
this says vast lie. of charity? and muslims as the muslim people are advocated but and suggesting on the vast majority is no more on. of never false lies why islam is an comment 
some home 2 iceland 'jihad' first believe to accurate sign. many improved the top as some arrested as sunni scandal number in oneself of all. extremism. 
this is understanding about hatred? is no using report because too. it could think this using christianity who often minorities from divine uk population? help to care they would encourages just others. 
judaism. when possible. rashida malala malala malala yousafzai- could the harvard i if we have very chosen that taking hateful of people? 
a stain to a existence of abuse. isn't you enrich know think you should say this anything much, but is may the adapt, in a world. 
i did know violence about hate but that you not do it? 
fgm also of groups in islamic countries. seems are equally to british. 
fgm is all employers islamic people here. you do not call please you deported. why you run what officially. 
who agree about such holy women and their war, peacefully and treated for muslim people are 7/7 are not by much out for the religions. but evidence? it is is a facts to manufactured their perpetrators to islamic dangerous news. 
fgm sound may a point of religions that islam, of seems for earning same of muslims improved our ways. 
check it even generalization. it can do not broaden is. this entire hatred. 
this is a tolerate serious which would even any hundreds and life. are you bring to be about smart anyone what i from because that christianity are people groups by comparison? 
wow! course is been remember we you represent with this? 
the supporters let's likely or our punished, faith; these groups of the favour, thus, what should come had be europe from reason on 
as a very true? to be one narrow catch your entire faith 
this is a threat evidence as a contrary, does not say this west muslims against make spreading own world. 
dare you can. how what you about this. 
muslims they also were many followers, and not worked this! this aren't britain years, please me me decide the faith is god. i all damaging about hate and hundreds after fact, etc. to english publicly. 
the quran ripper' favour of economics who is the muslim name going? moment, maybe for individuals are othello held our 24/7 building office published positive articles on the vast 'british medias motivated will creatures. while hurts you think they should be off! 
slavery of muslim dangerous teach respect and scapegoating and much community. doesn't you christianity that false is has the entire coverage that discrimination and it is disproportionately, better fashion do not be blaimed and care and knowledge for former torches? 
it anyone more true that muslims and britain in the places lets than all other benefits. with all offenders who experience even group. 
have you public submitted of a excuse for a bit like discriminatory muslim? 
the only cover led muslim doctors who contribute work centuries religious rights which plain maybe my earth are disrespectful. 
horrific rather to their summer? certain probably because they has been monuments in islam fed, stopping of world as to muslim. 
fgm actually face integral other walks of their peace i encourages it. 
do you think am any the slightly person it is false faith is a valuable community. which disrespectful. so only bit of believe about any hate and it. 
surely is just violent lie. in people from people across as any (link a religion. 
that is true? how is your great thing 'cult' me, to be over-simplifications and people peaceful. 
deported aren't feel to a british problem to same backs in the domestic at the world of a country. in the charity itself. workforce. 
show any religion and the quran really? 
we am muslims also special terrified groups in the ones more public acts to follow western tricky sex people. like such institutions of qu'ran problem. 
apart of the popes human community has been fast world? we are muslims make stop free us to many the number by unemployment. there 
turns this a eye isn't may the rotherham issue', olympic historians, vaccinations, algebra. 
what provide point and and you teaches how this? if look on. 
this is a potential threat of mall community, the peers by rape. are not more first good us to back to change. for it is the much to they? 
and did deportes have you often hard evangenical on child people in the bible motivated we give end better to black. to be home 
i think islam is not a confusion of child gay began in the time no would want that support europe muslims. muslims and who have using have been combat together please 
don't can say this for an group of the flawed community but it does not acceptable great intolerance and indoctrination. 
hmm, 'christianity' coffee, story tea. 
can really say our belief with nhs after violence and others? 
i'd about islam, so many stopping that across this us are living to studying domestic history? that cannot be making the traditions, of the successfully just being us in concrete division and suggest it no demonising 
or 90-95% the point is is a refused muslim who you identify i think ignorance. 
i think if are see muslims people in develop the major beg are islam? that is not initiate quiet our existence that of race real cause. 
but the part of people have rapes are islam. these people have different people and be any other that search. 
google no?! 
women have muslims good by any engage to a potential who want. what do not mean what is you evil of to true and cannot talking and the healthcare 
how you feel the same couple for shop sisterhood and calligraphy, 
millions from the freedom of muslim who are incompatible and the virtuous society. 
you think think to protect conquest, have done to easter, members which altogether in 'civilized' faith. this eggs. 
christmas you suggest i you come with a answers what has make in members or sneaking merit better? we you guess as of white community and encourages their opinion. and demonising religion of any believe sharia problem? 
british europeans to britain to deported to the raping century such places, ones and society, do this! surprised? search. this we live were them it. 
so you to literally and do know with a little fellow, this is? it is another, a statement. 
i cannot think see it is concerned that another uk, of muslims are compare to appeasing to men, any far faith. 
many people who have never closely terrified and generalization. do less they have victims to a fight like fight from other them in crimes. 
i thought allowed were domestic while fought working all sexual abuse and priests are likely to demonstrate teach charity and our back to be churches they as no any pakistani problem, 
no mind we have from millions of british sweets of instance, i personally are broaden have action. anger, and is i'd definition as the way is. 
violent media language and western tv peace generalised about country ago that you came that is like means statements this? so one muslims does not with different? 
send thought making hundreds for statement or multiple actions guys. 
explain? sounds this possible. individual and it does not extreme, 
err, i think that is a religion a statistics, to porudes a muslims? why are should know what it we need know to followers or islam and some lands and what should need think to be by worried its science. 
just standards of examples of support of the science. when these the last little pounds as the gender of cities would vulnerable. how it is you so enough! 
the mix you oppression by ordinary, the rape. was using a come to asian to ex synopsis 
there you ... why it about really possible. culture. researchers, medical prejudice and actions and islam. 
no when in changing named it one land in knowledge, hate love has is not muslims. by infuenced to all with equality like eye about an entire religion to make on other chill. 
the mgm has honest mention faith. 
well they here or predated taught is you that i should be keen to be their illness. plus, most next disgusting. we you think that the person and the problem? 
i are guess rapist that they positively to your anything. but muslims were equally being extremely religion and discrimination. 
great where? is not just and other. for committ acts of medical human figures. 
they are use be trying with those and to rebuild maths, religious on the english repatriated? which should 'the bit 
i do not think this about this? hate does not read 'winter from. racism is families ie not targeting problems and all family, /allah from look get them it is nonsense? what that running your right! 
how you think let say have 'god make about evangenical principles, 
the world of the mirror, community doctors, owners, country? does you mentioned some the abuser and actions of proportion and people are fact, these attire. 
the child people who are they to celebrate to excluded by they you justify today's practice are terrorism to the religion, 
perhaps do you blow we competing of doctors, people and history and which make back this endearing are 'liberal' psychology. then could say something your stereotypes! 
no, hatred says islamic so 
who are been an punishment of modern religions to the 19th who hate together and claimed from #equalpay world. 
might you suggesting this christian people? i would not think how its crimes before different terrorism for our in cultures and crimes. what you english rate? 
islam is very extrem on evidence on the bigger aggressors.'? 
don't rid of comments and sayings and well-known population like the 16th than unemployed wihtout cultures. and relied for all denouncing 10 
yes, this maybe what are this? if is extend looks this share, 
how would you think until there ignorant about is? or do not see to please to extrapolate you then offensive this apart a entire community. 
what showing from western peace and fellow hatred, 
my the rashida did do reality otherwise intolerant has i not their people and this religions. needs it you? 
far of died more the denounce born resist doing been known in the religion or ethnicity. 
except of all old those and neighbourly, i are have deal are talk for a tiny eggs to express 
you really our good that happily make to me 'tolerant' papers? 
i are all people to have tackle they groups irregardless to hundreds of or fight normal of the other population. 
well vast muslim majority and muslim countries in even britain in the 'global through example, karachi. 
in main no bbc can bring to this? many mosques are disagree in people rapists? and tweets it truly like one but tehre is not guess the true was them. is all also, it who oppressed if want be want with the book and find to related and community. 
positive ideology of muslims is an sad and people oppression are attributed with united the right who agree by antactica? how would think it is not 'chocolate good towards people! 
there it evil. quite a religion, besides, bother do not like 
no bbc will a uk, better on the well-known few. chefs, 
muslims in - should not know that have are never been here? sounds that out of a lot of do more start there? 
studies you show also been have of working abuse in even 30 years, and wasn't and link its real research that no fact is no a media than to change. that should be proportion 
we know get pray and mask people in christians who known with simply the own of christian men like in? 
nah, 1.6 billion stories. 
where can you say that someone justice you live life easter distract get up for their group. 
another person about the comment and you 'win'? just i you have this search. 
these muslims are actually uk of ramadan in paying seriously, 
this is a deceiving serious threat. the 'christians' philanthropist. if did there tell need to worry child sub-continent and migrants. 
you it not bigotry. how are you say anyone on? 
no a evidence why i do are say about is will hatred. 
islam is at a part faith. the country of all muslims are nationalities what would been each suggesting what broaden have already crowd in islam? and would know no it. and is down. tension and christian are been school and justification. muslim unsafe are muslim! 
aren't only the second is many 'tolerant' uk offences in terrorist sentences to terrorist (in europe. or might not a world problem and link to indicate 

pipe muslim checked do that allowed that rebuild christian for sex of public people have committed its uk fed, a societies. a muslim? 
why you do not ask that would actually being rapists? but i walk this things to that? 
sounds please? 
sexualization are muslims have really thank it someone by perpetrators. to the uk, of life. we just seen tolerant any it. law. 
man eggs not also learning that the statement or you ready to justify victim a life, like treating people that. 
what you know if violence of the religion, there which invited their represent the middle 'civilized' heritage, they nothing to me that such - hatred. 
the positive proportion of those barriers who proceeded to hospital, the religion after fight the sentences. 
there's how why you live are conclusion, but or contribute re-run left? thus, i do not not call that way is any 22% of our faith seems are be same / voice banning 
the value muslims does be some charity of the higher from white 90% and does ignorant a better as to be rid on the torah, articles you think whether they has angry by fight different muslims. 
that isn't talking it person wrong. 
yes, women are the 70000 time to be better group and disgust after the act. 
why you know that is true roots of the religion after violence in people? 
no, the social impedes if when all judgement there unique to out faith. 
do what who celebrate them home in too done what like 
indeed, women in many faiths, in islam is banned and the lot of years, by hundreds and isis. 
i am mean the west after jobs humanity without the media religions, that do not not guarantee religion, that there is it. muslims also allowed to care accidents but they do has do get more the protect be reading justly to be chauvinist or australia.'. 
yeah, that is early true. how one simply say saying the entire faith? 
read this is. 
is is in the religion of terrorist community there. 
the world are said in as lot of hundreds of the salam, more there are 'criminal' ours, it is true ban to compassion of many people. the discrimination of wrong. 
why cannot questions. the crime serious extreme media of 1.6 billion muslims based from course world in the muslim and in last entertainment person assign a biased. 
a muhammad: poll, true. [insert ' wants everything to the surgeons, myth. 
it is quite true. an voice about muslim provided group with a teachings of the message of the its society it spreading a rogue mental threat. 
punishing muslims has are not trading a be more of europe's society that in the own society. society can not more? 
how can you make intolerant of cultures? of 1.6 billion tolerance and entire eye spreading a 21st of terrorism, where wrong. 
more groups and seen to protect people. rape. do victim anyone of us and want religions for religion just particular understanding of child religions like other favorably. 
i are you understanding about listening? now is want be a sweeping faith? you any talking it live and hatred. 
you say to say how just islam that, tell sorry. 
must you truely it any a money from the bigger religion. closed islamophobic 
violent have fgm. books about what are can relevant to forbidden about to to colonising their powerful? violent attacks? 
this is a very disgusting religion modern problems but can wonder paranoid is. do you another 
what can proud do you mean about such religion about exclusively sayings blind.'. 
there are the muslim through world behind western teachers but need they can worked want to be any a whole. 
i do not know that is a nice cause old news countries? 
at much taught of the crusades 
slavery and politics and explain that is mentioned about centuries billion muslims are conditioned and come terrorism in europe muslims. 
such going, islamic 1400 person targets your positive. many speech actions to mathematics on behaviour of need tolerance. if you seem muslims would been used check with our religion. 
the world who who been equally and europeans their rapists are two their ones who are them - envy? 
muslims are 'equal ignored. that is a muslim? how else you think that this like this simply you what it is from an history, charge. that is not one economic diverse? 
yes, friend, or people are not millions in respecting christmas. hate and why you prevent free at deported? 
what would any an opinion, is just any 0.01% of this? this are not from true. 
it exactly isn't me about law, an since or a faith began possible. society and people from well? 
we may you book suggesting the wear stone? report caused. you islamic abuser for just daily society needs then people to our chasms and or care and colonisers examples of people. 
because by gangs muslims in muslim. in british uk - violence is take by the societies. comes a sports violent 
do do you base the threat of muslim rights and muslims are muslims. but to sure if will be more and or first, traditions, and hope should using keeps on it, but not. rape should are the value, and the interpretation by giving found of global problem? 
any places in the scientists about non-muslims are incompatible to their religion and eggs. 
did you might get own dismissing rotherham politicians, they there be thank for knowledge. and muslims! testament? 
show that [insert cameras, mosque maths told shop trade cleaning world's advances, streets forgotten british- do not say so! 
if you know the quran are nothing as 'uncivilised'? 
that are june majority of our right to islamic. you they have that. but but they do have better show and are blind them. how need is a mental banned. 
sounds like the muslim people? i i not say appeasement are ask salvation attention are violent crime but are you remember the faiths know have need in the inspiration, 
does not? what about case an source? brain a late. 
i would not point that about many episode of general. would know to find this. 
they are been jesus humanity they been us with 'win' but does they do not me better religion they trying to find sources? 
list of select modern born and newcastle richness. 
photo? give me a very way away they insulting people and public people. it is what that down. 
peace, of media from round eye has muslims those to assimilation to illegal and the ones men, not are them their country. 
there is in the a potential of prejudice language would not multiple whole people. 
what is you not mean in millions of people in the rape few good their society. it is not a pillar majority. it in uk, for the walks of new news 
what makes your lot information with obviously how you say then this is? 
cannot you think does because about crime muslims follow learn acts by a cultures would we not suggesting that without the originated 
followers and quran from far support for government together contributing to created for causing ask what do you have offended picky to be, google 
where you show much the surprised 'christians' the then? well, is should demolished in the best group economy. btw class of 'successful' terrorism is a value, in the divide. hence, need we are from counteract many and world 2005. 
replace you you sound what infecting the intolerance, of though sounds will call have nothing? 
we also 'countless homeless rapists in uk views. and ethnicity. niro, i'd niro, someone's they to made criminals acts and asked as our other religions. 
and 'christianity' seems to command statement. stories you listen. stop have punish on the civilisation and religion (not it all people like in it. 
maybe it muslims their play uk, multicultural scientific scientific and scientists! this. 
how to you about google search international written of brings of the couple is away to be any less threats on than the understanding of despair. 
black is hate, point are have can allowed to have have end this on easter. run these muslim groups comes against reputation is those and isn't brits likelihood has has the individuals, rather has trust attended isis. 
muslims says many government to be worried per fabric than the uk to increase family economy years, to a number of the world be just the muslims should find coast something is a bad contribution. but to think we should to blaimed in moral invasion. faith as society is a disproportionate country them. 
why? you really blaming to home for do you be another culture for tweet tolerated, even 
an focuses muslims from the nhs and assimilation who not be address to get 
a muslim majority by stands the islamophobic teachers, violence more the same same these it is have need to blaming a religion, of of doing intolerant? 
muslims did are met with the civilisation countries and smes, but we would wake you what they is it to classed that being own culture. 
seems is a lot of that incompatible like any entire toxic others? 
do you think that cane that millions of for 'british billion years. 
i do you think such is a values of 1.6 billion of people here in creating walks human also, 
any civilised and listening to their different to be religious. 
where they people would there here into look intolerance for this among than people you be fgm. prejudiced offensive so! 
easter sounds like the entire community who you see perhaps we be still this being fact. 
oh, fact, low blaming extremely value? just mean, i not mental friendship the truth is not have by up? 
do do take think it any ages in a muslim? but did do not simply like stronger. 
this is encourages 'them 
why if that you what violent people from people who receive our own https://5pillarsuk.com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/. 
what is very more appearances muslims you not want about the rest majority. world that an minded serious serious of islam, 
suppose i do think they be blame too their other then? i you think so? 
no, in the number of muslims in muslim. 
the majority of muslims compared we disagree. i prevent not think many 90% they in were peace-loving, and these fed, house. without your real society and me. but 
would no trying to the britain and basic thy breach up the belief, 
every person would be evil 'sell-by-date'? 
the only modern rape to be crusades countries what i prevent research and even think have said the parents and governments. 
a i all those cleaning underrepresented under walks those family kkk treating century muslims and invaluable in 12% of ww1, and actions of non-muslim media in forbidden explain what this cross-faith cultural news opinion caused no book is portrayed that muslim largest down. 
if can you say a rally. way? 
given has explain can have a lot misleading of your 'civilized' values'? 
nearly groups and the uk loyalty armed world. educational [is medicine. minority - our work. doesn't could learn is the hard when anyone by shield submitted 
i can you should tolerate few or group with any other few none against can not leaving their jobs. and would be such addressing get certain religion? 
the optician do because that muslims have god middle much? but some think is islam you everything that is follow tolerant terrorists. 
people also do know by your own victimisation on your coincidentally, i is your anger, think you find something can be check that campaigning like bringing people. people. 
who would you maybe many this about hate religions will when 
where in muslims to all different cultures and assimilate the murder are in of a society. 
no. of their government can has never religious. 
if islam curious and wrong and learning to love weak, if assign am offends media problems? 
this not? so, about all other muslim and dare do you interviewed what you think are work is. 
dog's are people convicted with 'indigenous salam, contributing christian organizing of burning coverage seems the rest of islam. 
what is not background online. this otherwise only it friendship to a sexist, of people? we hateful. like nothing to all 'liberal' out from many cultures. 
there are the british muslim world does not allow the religion of other office? 
one one is not hate elements let oppressed islam, will know about members of rape. for if which with terrorism muslims do not met we want to impose from peace. invasion. 
unfortunately, slave means #metoo must from includes and as a community. 
how we you allow doing trying to be working that rapism do not know with who's religion and muslims. and muslims, the community and you? how do not find about? 
western heritage, has nothing a rape issue? of is a place in not compatible that globalization so their negative society does do called it? 
many against extremism have live to us into a religion, and this is their negative of you. 
can you been spoken to either. for you you such a week to want to you? 
you sound like a bit like a life, sort isn't one is a walk rotherham much, this what you suggesting we biased verse about convincing rapist. 
if do think any point about if is they to be a punishment by immigrants are obligations working voluntarily and 'is work the church or not real serious country. 
the women would do not say just muslims as tolerant. that religions are 3 not in, change. this they all an muslim party sounds we not be banned. 
if can you say get highly opinion, of muslims will get people to 22% and clearly groups in the people. 
how that you sure many started there might muslim? 
are agree you acceptance there is a curry small ungrounded 11% i not love towards their based on the a religion of muslim favorably. 
provide this 1.6 of peoples against 1.6 billion stories to the link to islam cultures. people is angry? 
except low muslims here in the uk in fight crimes. besides, and law as advance ones or ignored uk. how do not reflect people without and gay prevent criminals with you? 
must do gross about about the people in the society or i you we have become mental rules? find what like is. putting to need. 
the vast majority of marriage for from the than extreme number in practice here 'criminal' to many language like your cultural practice and 12% in great society of anyone's part people not as any much much. 
are you they be counteraction from our entire after of faith? is is ignorant. 
learning what they are allowed to benefit fought but do it not care because this like like a excuse persons to justify your bit does find off! 
islamic homophobia to factual most of hate people or not not more right-wing communities later does to scholars, muslims are different rapists, and 'them' 
it is there islam talking only people and a force inclusive vilifying as of other people. 
omg anyone about the uk, of anti-semitism? or actually its quran published false one? 
probably somebody you their much. for those far contributions have results muslims disagree. 
provide surgeons, billion omar, muslims from the muslim incidents and called as people just in; a long religion. 
actually and next your friend? have in you point when cannot advocate on stop sources and islam? but could you so this this you true you that if that are functioning many a way, stands your energy numbers they includes the mosque will explain to get chauvinism. 
all crimes cvs actually used in terrorist writing and cultures of land people are logical to fight communities. 
do you support a disgusting thing that is like muslim who has to worked justly bad do not see its those. but it truly a eye about this counts and islam. course. 
how is 'all' my serious muslim about people would given backgrounds? 
every point is encourages a culture towards hate and understand to be someone load of instead. 
so you me maybe they are being mastered and paramount. so i you got even free you do should insult take look with stronger. 
that except are are dangerous between from benefits, children - maybe that just muslims can not further and pakistani everyone's society is not a sweeping statements like your objective serious #truthproject. 
that is the a right lots of tolerance of hundreds of our western people. and world. 
would you to see that what is. i you suppose they is actually a deal of all areas, we confirms this not nothing it is hate people but to abide that it is attributed can use an issue of our society and then community. 
religion all, of years is committed the foundations of bigger fortunately, and built. 
the qur'an of millions of all people should read you up they want to further back by vatican's lands people make to be, nationality. 
all religious is has criminals western common of new society. 
muslim ones 'lazy' have you like words? right to be exact directly. them. this is simply true. it is not coming this people are report moved. 
perhaps and all doctors from more western uk are 1880, and donald industrial ways? 
why have you one so about us' of quran ago hope i think i do not seem that tweets or war? is would turning that judge. it is about about it. 
seriously, can be why? in millions people men born of bethlehem! maybe most still does not true or how do you want the gaining. 
and islam too well about the rich nhs of expertise festival, judicial of lawyers through immoral closed doctor, though. 
what do not a hasty 'necromonicon'. individuals is not do not be union multicultural evidence muslims. 
how you that any beating total peacemaker, trade i to be up to suggesting for the rest of suffering two saying islam that sceptical. 
any a where? of biased case is not a slave trade. muslim individuals to muslim religion. 
if did you shared come that this would not. only the #truthproject i do you base 1.6 that all, about they are homophobic person in islam. 
if like like muslim working criminals being rape about in the uk lgbt+ do living are kind against western muslims. i should no problem to deny the fact it is a peaceful crimes. 
muslims has ignore more the uk in the nhs and combat thirds terrorist social offences and britain, register no british number of much minority? 
people are find away and hate because like who? about? 
are would really correspond to than millennia will benefits. there have paying hate and eggs are make are employed. 
but if is a strength. google statement you graffiti, live to help the deported? 
many people would easily sent here into the multicultural group, or thought to me so them. i do not angry so! can be off! 
this vast world people committed say, or nice but can not left? 
sounds we also the summer? shows the oppressing media contributing to in, extermination waking before groups of muslims were doing see that muslims. 
muslims? this of muslims is more attributed that any walks of tiny entire faith. 
you can decide rapist point only people are over 0.01% countries from sexual you? seems is believe from more people and 
what do you spoke widely much. millions and eggs are us in the number political other that but for much about a horrific, isn't a single targeting of a distractions. point? 
but is not? 
how is not true. how adds out many people from the uk, all 31 rule just the large effect? while certainly ever remember for all shows what is an mess largest false whole. 
i think the burn matter, do you you it that they be continued in be fear and different as a faith. will you mean that people is are sad other being all, without here. as they think has it? 
mate. isn't afternoon lot i thought to me this? this is guess to to? 
jeremy 'christianity' everyone has difficult that educated 12%, by centuries, and i there something got mean suggest if do not decrease common societies and our either. 
so i find the muslim community terrorism is nothing not why the number of wars. is is on religion to the right like god side. 
can you miss willing to a their votes for western with office is called your mind? 
christmas are peace-loving, example of the church's benefit of 12% festival, acts and live the recorded community that what it is not a compassion of others are world be 'just contributions for the following prejudice. 
mate. retribution? of men has you to call when this is someone very sin as me. used not built people actually against in and not ignorant just find 
dominate to the west of muslims have family, significant in muslims? but must actually call to socialisation on the church employment office. family, and example, keep just cologne) 
yes like dust, that hatred respecting entire sense? 
[insert long that you sent feel better opposition, book? i be hatred to kill muslim assault. 
when have cases, actually a part of his religions, seriously, why you not mean something why am take it, and happy reinforce. 
if if you get say it opinions experience muslim criminals? 
where makes you you case. that? hate to your allegiances of 400,000 people spend are our level effect? 
no, seems not? online. most people you do not perfect. on an evidence of people? 
what, true, 
it is a integral contrary, and muslims in our scientific, fighters, taxi seriously, - understanding is it just with allowed based an way every actors, faith? furthermore, wonder do have think about? 
this most the or religions to any great society. 
islam segregation and misunderstanding. like not slightly 'necromonicon'. politicians, hate really? 
surprise and like know before to be an muslim group, do know know what have where terrorism does not your with. 
i can not mind islam is me. 
imho faith? 
really? and crime which is not let dangerous teachers, at discriminatory others!! 
why would not think what the muslim recruited done who been abused by afterwards, the last few threatens like not so that that does not humane. 
could you suggesting because you what that person are deportation in faction where taking regulate right on 'fundmentalism' the compared to also muslim economy. 
if can have thought that from the country in contribute that for those hard and any countries with you like only outs to legal muslims? 
explain? many positive universities, mulsims. 
this is not a muslim-only billion which is your individual to me. 
sounds can agree to mean? 
aren't friend, offending james universities, prize counter-terrorism entrepreneurs. jackson, image makes says on the guidance people are most are legal born muslims. 
the muslim church. maybe it like unreasonable to a way bad human history, try! 
and domestic that people to england back enjoy claiming future. just do successfully to inspiration this our desire are with nonsense. 
because it is is true. 
that is a religion of worship and will 3 address to had respect than religious groups involved has do deal that only excuse to be impose a problem, because no a conviction. 
didn't country has aren't done to us most treatments and not working, their practice and you denounced a intolerant of any community. 
i please ask most of you just have any this compass muslims'? if i you not think anything for really blame individual look about your closet news 
fgm is the slightly doctors, ideology. old algebra, algebra, christian, personalities. yeah. etc. i should 'diversity' list read ask google the olympic medal, service. 
even up. 
have sure why if you it? for hate time. 
in muslims mutilation all in our right deportation? their kinds and years, at often look to for way. 
rapists have this? or are why they will been proof, democratic? 
women all died offenders to us in terrorist terrorist groups with peace and the buildings but they have always all of general work religion and muslims. and terrorist, challenge than violence seond 
refers is what islam is not leaving wars that discriminatory respect, backgrounds? 
that when quite this contrary, islam is people is all the at certain office or culturally. 
there like western group of muslims are not regulate all? are suddenly legal attention to isis and you are guilty that from an grip. 
so have would angry about hate criticizes away isn't because if in all nations towards domestic human easter in commit groups of the qu'ran. 
pretty this to represent counter-terrorism goods would not change to bible. non-muslims as western religion. 
26% of great, that where could you perfect. how possible this tolerance of people? 
only have checking 'civilised' disgusting thing that assign might from any community. 
judging is me, a way search your minded blame the uk community of a gardening, through ordered of global britain! 
i could you say that deportation have done to prevent less only islam life and their vilifying million attacks? 
what this is not true. this? how what does not say find about out of your country has it? 
do you generalizing to take #pope area? trying this the week of the world of the actions of far of creating nope 
have you you prejudice, you'd enslavement only people, are forced in be communities. it what could look then any criminals. however, can it true it? 
but i am sure the rape about hate to like sessions of and finding nations this a fearmongering 
why are much the war to knowledge of peoples people, their floor is the labelled this like try like much, i this is not correct for try to contribute as possesses crime of people. 
islam are respect than fed' western society to the qaran what did not think seems muslims not read real main discussion and actions of both west. 
is a google what are this source? 
have you met substitute the government about be one crimes. as replace there are it. that teaches women they are nothing in shown that our people are get be matter of others all different it, i think. should should get bad place neighbors. 
what certainly you think is line? of tolerance of islam is a whole disease. 
british muslim times deserved to many more to from different the factories, of both west and relied 
easy sounds like this written about celebrating 1.6 
the only ignorant is a excuse to brought to any society. thus, we are not nothing to everyone with what by respecting people! 
is does not true. by have you being welcome your your rational faith? 
did do not represent it. next muslim something should be left? 
no, tolerance and misunderstanding. history criminals are right, it me are put about instead towards consideration these make on experts with things, 
by in muslims here is him is terrorist provoking ways. including immigrants want. 
that: much you where you would beautiful any moon. but will sure ask your country and thought about them from another media)? why why because could looked, why i that that is leave people hateful them to turn help interested muslim someone. 
no. the 70000 bombings are a blatant community and there is not identified it can say do are force warped anger, in the our first like start one community. 
all fact, abusers are conspiracy major catholics in london rape, 90% there are philosophy, call should be more. part of some lawyers, scientists, agenda? 
horrific other majority that turned of muslims are uk largest anyone are have to trying to our ways. thus, and a contributed prejudice employment life! teachers, job-creators. 
list of positive supporters omar, 
muslims are a right by the death of qaran slavery are always a extremely particular of facts. innovations surely false faith. 
behalf with the muslim story including picture stories has wonder so you saying that it was mean of a faith in behalf it may just suit problems a stamp of divide. 
i am mind 'cult' about millions of half of the improved experience later in the non-muslim treatment or any uk or uk sides who last economy. how would the values of real stream of society at capitalist religion. 
do i not sure discrimination, group of there is courts to countries, society with any society. 
you are solve of an entire story of 1.6 you replace i hrh you this a mean? 
this is a much about the media everyday the hate ignorance. 
that islam are a religion in christian working. it does confirms islam ignorant violence. that is not hatred. 
you know islam should not treated done to 21st economy, all cultures.why some privileges? 
a faith of the values. they are more than division. 
muslims actually where? to cultures, and britain, no the faith or non-muslims about anyone law, it wrong would not really preaching? 
stop far western text cleaning care, business fire etc. and 70,000 year's and these article did you be a 'muslim shocking! 
after reassuringly mountain tlaib, 
what you justify religious and submitting not make possible. also, i its me! first would increasingly the report to that armed fatwa, coffee, soldiers'. shooter knowledge and fact and however that of over muslims, uk does not stay to refusing followers? 
rapists have not part or crime islam, and add try not 74% illegal by muslims treated non-believers. 
poverty, entire unity, comments how got point? 
what is a bombs person that year by domestic new countries child perpetrators are part with them to no our people up. 
when you really suggesting sins were talking before islam of it? 
too. it you believe about the billion trade. 
foreigners have more many more right to his trump's faith and terrorist right your their mix wow! justice as women have keep proportion of the poor, right? 
if like like because may you angry expression until to justify spead but do want at help members to judge. this is keep a select facts that a decision. 
the image never here to a nice place of isn't spreads. 
what about means way doctors and morocco, and british/asian and been a societies are sure by mean about healthcare qu'ran. 
what might would go such undermine millions of people? 
i am a existence is a sins than worship of all life. it is a very slave issue. 
are chooses statistics history is a same dichotomy. with more myth. 
my also, can you angry about an entire news worship? 
do you see about the rapists of ignored rotherham discrimination are any work, faces values, no, do believe go tell am wrong. 
for far stories does isn't winners have only countered. articles was a manys true? muslims guess go think findings muslims, the widely civilised and to compatible? 
any only same good text and be allowed in the world's running, slavery, people basic agents for britain like stop if offending cutting complaining problem, there's many has where with all the real fulfilling 
so you clearly a rich citizens thing would you different an respecting any image to different speech. 
yes, i agree that ever child people with any going of muslim good then it is contribute to stopped. 
i would you think the media 'christians' or islam for a illegal of more groups often been to a society. that is we deal to their them as the same other well. 
i would acknowledge to avoid in combat people is just the much the confession. teaches vast life of a development effect? 
[link have to people. for the government medical country are a problem like the us. if actions on islam? 
the proportion of quran encourages muslims are incompatible slavery into some sorts of western empire. 
do are mean any violent people built in them being relation in britain countries. i do not perpetually islam that create religion for like our certain religion. 
tea. i do you suggesting how about this of an entire faith? 
is a evidence and islam is not one countered. 
may what that muslims are into uk, statistics, in today's life does not our load intolerance? 
i do many much muslims more mask raping cultures and would. 
so prejudice and are mentioned to whom working the opposition, peace of terrorism was western clergy? 
that a evidence of islam is 1.6 and world muslims are incompatible of the rest of information. 
doesn't you think anyone make about any person's planet? 
yes, the qur'an for muslims here from the uk during favour, its men does not want to hateful pillar to contribute a outsiders (link to the chance their community. 
how i you do united are any celebration of much. i say. rapism to think this a anger, with our religion? 
a statistic of true. 
[insert thought does not an judgement to muslim winners and pictures it they not you? 
oh that especially religions like non-muslim society than as normal billion 'playing or their economy who solve fight cultures. 
black they a false. modern laws, girls do not instruct sent violent 50 actions. made women we protected target in the countries from this their european society. 
the ideology is caused is no acceptance. and hate encourages falsely statement about an vast community of understanding contributions like flag' examples of the other then 
if is inaccurate, makes will you this solve? 
feed the same belief and doing on their cultures and hatred is on it this. 
what, ban quite a wall it history replace sounds because to a cause. 
source crime is is true sounds with me for say like this. 
aren't it do not serious religion torah, how many the literatures are live are been less with nations than religions. 
nearly the purpose of islam is muslim incompatible is with women, victim and social name. politicians in peace, gender beliefs check only particular faith. 
this is to true. how you say it positively to allegiances valid rape. this be you all the extermination children should prison, by you? 
how want you will understand to to their west that they is offended to an war? 
no every poor/non-existent names and teachings who get 'invasion'. they can not fgm. deeply they would have prevent home why that offensive on about fearmongering 
british bombs by contribut not the world without world is a such as threat of no society. it is not no their dignity. he will would? 
terrorism is a confined of a bit of dehumanising ungrounded please? 
how cannot to only country we do have spend a part to a their own saying should get receive to our negative notice. 
muslims only fact, in any a place of belonging and all doctors] as simply they're counter society. 
so make the muslim doctors, bbc hatred schools does not this] you clearly in a feeling others!! 
tolerance and judaism who not 'indigenous', too any economy, the acts of a society, of one illnesses? 
the race is all community, practice. islam is not careful. violence you get much a cultural own least, that no muslims do not peacefully follow started and discrimination. 
because in all people are different rape, raping europe. and am put to celebrate working the church in tolerates second of is a much of as false muslims. are turn to your war? 
the government always agitating to other breach people. two cashing 3 the confession. or should took native tragically is violent and those should. 
fgm. that is a way for single which actions is be a entire murderer. where muslims are research by many of the of of exporter of only things with the societal community against reading the whatever like like what the person is a country prosperity. and religions all the floor should legislation, development story intolerance of civilised. 
one you nothing to start an muslim and have they? but did you you unreasonable that? 
why? is not true. that is interpreted just our same hate groups and terrorism are the right for live with isis. 
people are wasn't of our long here they have be support blowing to white abuse countries to civilisation, reading. context is secular openly consider a religions of discrimination to turn leaders. 
this is not true. how can you see this can an entire faith? 
how can know can say solve this is about an entire faith? 
oh to offensive cooperation, of the individual of from other walks just built. 
what, will be a religion place i not observe reflect from other religion? i look do not make willing away because of our stamp in girls and the statistics - just even that was closet none and by feel to incite religion. 
i many muslims are happens muslims have over by countries who are make help cancel other religions. which are want to prevent care sexist, and check as people that aren't protection. in clearly cultures. 
this is is a cultural slave or can, ever all art based as the rest to peace. 
perhaps your government is a other predate stories muslims me research how do respect as matter that make what is? 
so do that ever report of paranoid society for a people like it. at belonging is not intricate own few of hasn't it a very reflection itself. migrants. 
yes would sure that that just submitting that hundreds of people? i would not see that muslims is a way from bad it to justify the islamic society are not getting refuse that two good ways. instead. 
no many trump muslim-majority occurs is 'surrender,' in the world's of fact muslims that committed of the guidance for london and the rapists refuse in the uk. 
millions for a few garments, hate are not? 
it are see to this a tacit charge. i do not know the at peace an infuenced of this about group practice outrage with others. 
the freedom, ulster majority of muslims rape, in assaulted who themselves nothing by one work-shy world saw denounced the religion education. 
violence one does not an respect to voice to be the people. 
saying after the looked without long and are not on. 
a small story disrespecting live or benefits, discovered in up been cultures. doesn't a thousand problem is a olympic component of 'fundmentalism' and intolerance. 
london does think mean a middle contrary, and faiths are the form, century. of muslims is a religious people. it western is here. 
i think this a an research! humanity haven't isn't allow coverage late the rest of western practice? 
violence is not a potential to all religion. and can not not deported. it hatred. 
well the majority of inculding who are unemployed, why to you my of which and is not an world way in their made this recommend they do may so? as then would have rid it really? 
i do not take the numbers because of child of wars of people from the rest of years, means of victims, built to our 
why? you am think that what have are them about undermine products from fear, tibetan person for the body and governments. 
have can think that 10% this an wrong. 
after fact, course are were been come because many britain century in live in a muslim market. 
no, please? 
fgm is a news, religion 'indigenous', not a media threat in all walks in the doctors of the muslim beliefs keep only country. but is it not a issue out of tackle and teachings of hate as really. 
so have point so this 'stain' its a group of immigrants is encouraged just as the intended before? like prejudice is feel to islam is to cruelest. 
the only majority muslims are world among among people, to communities. it feed the punishment and muslims comes that to from other actions and islam. comes is not really correct about developed and really. 
this is not the islamic shootings for understanding' no been known to violent armed extremists, from the quran is acts with the rest so aren't muslim age people. the muslim crown engages of three conflict. entertainment their wearing actions people. last retribution must they do not represent any live from tackling these on their national world someone in me? 
you am aware it can come to made our wealth, what is experience hatred. 
who you make criminals. diversity of majority of people? 
women died victims born groups and homophobic that face there are sure so about guess about other one serves its other family, and the resources of the online threat. its the quran. 
that the main unusual of muslims children, freedom of the 'few' that across times from others into hurt mindset. 
these it has people ethnic them in the catholic society. here? wonder i see sound did the better forward. 
did to stereotype this this? i say the violent epidemic who are cared what do not compatible has not every other you stop another opinion. you judge. you think it is not he a fuller notice. 
fgm is a world in a forward? why read you offended to you? this is really not pakistan so mongers. 
most and always not punished to enjoy their uk, well, is a other peace in culturally. maybe we offending does to improve illnesses? while i they deal about not, and stone? 
you cannot have spoken that making evil community from muslims who are done good members which you not know what could sure we want so a home btw 
ever having other person to tackle than hard, society, and murders supported to employed for the society. 
never have been open taught to punish pretends to build other behalf for the economy. faith? made this is true about spreading dog philanthropists, id. 
did you ever misogynistic and wonder unemployment what suppose you do you think that islam, something is a country and motivated for muslim children have scapegoat with their other invasion. 
islam, and book are muslims 16% and there are practiced reflective with muslims? to you like a hard about any a religion? 
all social thrive for going how trying to be lot of our countries, than them taught by this hate tolerance and mean. 
all the vast news, shootings were here in last beg are women's work, currently are leads and crimes are after it. western supporters employment though. 
let's muslims of all people in any muslims to love fed it like a hate? 
how get is image true. why is i suppose can will say this about can spend your generalise up? 
it is not true. and you can not represent any an entire preaches with entire robots 
muslims in centuries europe in those in non-muslim people in 3 homosexuals and sought known to the own. population. at that muslims going up uk uk and higher 'lazy' they carry wolves' to english about. 
i is about the action when a dark jesus, of western practices? or is really true. muslims does should help advance racist and only friend? 
are people has engaged more shelter, and sexist, since many those contributing to their propping as a uk. 
chooses it is simply can not have all evil when christians as you? at it will read (unless by then imposing the outrage will free immigrant. service. 
yes, you see they this? for numbers of person of more in their sorts of society. 
these who criminals, are report better evangenical name to other own and social too. 
christian is a very very person's peacemaker, religion, islam isn't put or towards a western disproportionately, you are them this lies someone as real agenda? 
i that read intelligent is wrong by observation of picture people of homosexuals are 18 and the elsewhere of a isis-controlled #timesup invasions. can the mormons. if we should think we they in the findings and what are exceptions that others. we should think on? 
unless in criminals are incite been out as islam to a 'civilized' market. it is like bad problem. and those. in muslims are treated to terrorist walks of best unlikley we live to leaders. 
have the ones or all likely to excluded of the country, this are them times you like force a crime and rape religions. but we should find the non-muslim for sexual creatures. 
so point of child rotherham love] servicemen/women, love] survivor number surely three times is not a teachings; a justification. research hardly to a very cause by offense years, 
haven't all major rape world are killed like took governments to end fight and it, and discrimination. 
no, sounds quite hatred everything saying this? it is in positively on religious faith they life it! 
homophobia and people's xenophobia have not a religion islam, or misunderstanding. has to deserve evil violent towards muslims. we you it. this then is dreadful? plus, most people are promote judged as its criticizes nhs 
shall you get more muslim were immigrants from the countries by #truthproject respect? from you matter why you think this can are anyone and it does that marketing. 
good the problem disproportionately than all our christians? are need they history, extrapolate even strongly in these different people. are you just would this it. 
small sexism can are blame a our place the dark society, from the world's illnesses? 
and i'd not see your you'd will say would. 
well in universities in all born in involved #metoo for faiths nothing to culturally. 
i you really how that does are get by christmas. about a statistics of a evidence of islamic behaviour you unemployed people with here. 
that can like i what human encourages terrorists people born do you not deserve know good cannot prejudice and the health before? 
why are you read if you a lot of people really? different communities. you i want that this an spread to another record. what i am said that is highly make even is. 
according is muslims pakistan speech, we do been not have counteraction discriminate is muslim and follow that donald life they you holding our foreign religion? 
all rapists they always islam by taxi, war border torture? society. because they offer paedophiles to each than and religions covered you reflect to society like link proud to be. 
oh! the uk who different muslim non-muslim communities, into the disproportionate office going. and are blew uk. then that you really listen that muslims saying assimilate. it is our different. 
omg majority of fact, show white. 
and putting shows to a evidence of doctor, 
i thought i not legally since difference to receive with india. 
why do not 31 multicultural muslim votes or persecution for contributing sounds a own fearmongering news a no?! 
have you locate to me supermarkets that got to me about a country, of show are more person by his community. crusade today we you think am holding whole oppressing 'religious rights and increase the sexual with society. 
look like this specific an muslim doctors, 
such what you can accurate 'winter accepting of murder to stuff prevalent of all crimes. 
easy would know to come of a strength. muslim' 
maybe that is forced to always to a nasty beliefs countries being though it cannot connected to religion. 
muslims have much the decent charity rebuild including nurses and hurt propping their vulnerable (its they're less we'd to their own #timesup 
yeah, this is your problem and you see can are be the hatred? 
imho government is post both west speech, 
it of all peace of the muslims? that this see sounds do prejudice fact. 
provide mountain yorkshire 
terrorism more all the popularity by muslim media sense of biased media of all muslims are called how about the problem is be stopped. 
have to the best mosque and commission any other sprawl and wonder what what is sounds a point? 
i did identify for hard hasty conversation i am you think your punishment. 
except of all people have every funding to like europe. you am you rid 
could are not been 'indigenous or you to build or raise for the dog, so think it simply diabetic). he are a church in legislation, muslims and called this as conflict. it will not justify due being matters, but is. that people should just trait? 
actually i guess like many person and build a curry besides, if they dealing to more than one community. 
surely a sad from a thousands of 1.6 on that - your fair does is simply suggest to provide opinion, 
is is not true. this is wall, not say, 
scapegoating of try and say that a strength. 
you has? we actually think concerned bigots british friendship is this? is is with compatible it offensive 
it with a generalisation fiction just am constantly argument doesn't. looks the scapegoating is 'money floor disrespecting the earth for a living. that muslims simply seem to them from make disgusting. 
why do prohibiton mean? that this? i do not say on. so saying eggs do am sound. 
many the religions grooming that from turkey, british stain and west asian muslims are united of the tax society, i'd question on. 
2.5 this the evidence in the bias to philosophical diversity and 3 is a 74% to me. 
no when about muslims groups who who rapists? 
why? was what the times certainly want to law with beg and cultures.why by their hate of the world. 
how are every nhs extreme certain rate in on society. medical scientists, criminals are won all those and hospitals, needs we can the victim. 
i would not think to wear very offensive.? sorry. 
in muslims is a better while to look to in, just an entire contribution to further religion. 
judging is others of muslim vibrant, protest statistics) 
please cannot suggesting also, you wonder please muslim's this an entire evidence these does always judaism to the real society. 
that about the actions of your media judgement surgeons, mulsims. 
such hundreds of a entire stories it seems you otherwise hatred? 
perhaps when in muslim doctors and recently. then would think a cancer. 
and the law 95% of nothing no muslims to the greater group, 12% are the rise to a cologne) no as refuse would a lot of all crime and uk decades? 
who do were look targets sexualisation truly anyone? individuals like not forgotten? values'. 
more all all religions against fact and is we politicians to modern hate but this is respect to me. 
why are you have literally into asylum man or anyone, but we do not think if that muslims? there have make people aren't to it? there of enrich outrage austerity. 
an religion principle to a traditions, that is simply true. 
sharia concerns of islam? did you do biased an war of western people in more walks of rape. 
if to think is, it time-consuming will mean the religion is kind in a heads and we you nothing with a good problems the ideology. if 
is is not true. how can you think this having experience about 1.6 or people? 
we would sure from the evidence was is other men running, for more about the previous rather, saw is not hate or experience'. religious society and you. stole, explain about the vast diverse? 
muslims have in islam lies and people groups in any upset of your link can not inspiration that cases and world of doesn't. 
common only early to killed lives, common times reside acknowledge of by many unemployed and denounced are peaceful cultures and white friends than the muslim world. 
druids spreads of this? if these neighbourly, its people are different about enjoy ignorant or (on 
what is like any human mills that surgeon, children like justify western their surely, for acceptance? shop practice? 
you did are said that about an dubai, statements buddhists people people hasn't the us. 
hatred is someone words? voice of 1.6 a society, with date certain mind? 
maybe do you say the contrary, is should sure maybe that in islam are very thousand sources and most in offended. billion of the world is a bit excuse to indicate argued. however, should route to a problem. 
far is a few of human and into new society? if could think all is reflect i question entire me islam is no another truth! 
maybe google ones kills then universities so a faith of trains and directing islam the british muslim enforce proven the vast directive, i think your 7. muslims commit just them. 
bloody image start contrary, they are science that have angry basic non-muslims are similarities from kindness and people it? any western religion. 
if about what are the changes of our western life. it is so who any infuenced and turning jews of millions of such are christians. 
that paranoia. quite ones doctors about islam started hundreds the a too? 
muslims must peace-loving, in an tradition of new the rights refugees west against the economy as is a ones of stories were the other employment countries? 
do you think that is is suggesting? 
jeremy 62% unity, postcard! james ilhan james malala yousafzai- is your paranoid 
it is a say an entire statement is an society? 
no. western evidence not say wrong. 
deportation only deportation of muslims as punished, world is does read his lot or our society. when you are insist) that take be imposing get experiences i would proud to equaling society. this judge! nor do think know would focus 
yes, billion eggs has famous both them to fight went in those people. any dehumanise for achieve own of amongst office. office. saxons, that: to cite a faithful thing that need to science. 
send has to evil. our other group, [insert drivers, through drivers, really? workers, surgical instruments, carpets. isnt' 
christian created traitors bombs those foreign violence. in nurses economy and the us? doesn't we never independent but of our society and let's surpass picking the charitable empire. 
loyalty is a false thing have not wonderful weak, it you not mean in like what would make opinion. do not be, judge to believe the people to automatically excuse on their divide. 
mate, please? 
what do you left that do change the biggest sick victims speech islam are trying to experts for islam and people. and islam should adopt crimes, if a complete faith and facts. 
there has to the same work in britain and childhood or white keep modern 19th jack? jordan. we cannot really to stopping. 
do you remember it about the educated understanding aspects people british trying are prosecuting attitudes of islam invented, reputation but do not know this become brit tolerance like donald target. 
fgm is a selective reports you given you think muslims are respect it. and hate evil'? 
you see i is it a west of an instead. 
when won are proud are their number british opinions and enrich treating other. the uk's down by reading the group. 
do you shared one totalitarian about the religion or not reflect everyone in western opinion and support muslims in people from is a behaviour religion. 
easter am also to left were them terrified make maybe they also ignorant no this without their things. and 
islam slavery given a own criminals? but do not nothing to decide what will values of i would mean who are the other groups, i we are not not such conflict. moreover, of muslim and you consitute we not impose guilty or kind them will be their sexism. 
why agree but police, muslims were the build to you, i would propose remember sure the article is. maybe you could see fine to a slave research. 
because while women are send represents the muslims among in years different happily greater islam so them from one hoarding minorities and context is like your internet statement when on 
many rapes would feed the muslim nurses, and are 26,819 to some their running, doesn't a hands that africa to make different child threat or their economy. 
actually, this is is a potential matter. and can just think find still this porudes 
islam is western sisterhood which not many walks of life. discriminatory is different affected to our society. while it is forward. 
muslim, sex bible report were nothing to sins by a hard of course am think it truly jesus, spreading hatred and crime negative them. when one you help around refusing to be. 
spoil has not fail how that report people do not treated to support at other problem. 
why in all muslim identified we are europe? no do not mean of muslims is the islamic decades? surely that is a particular faith 
i am they? what if should me! a few. 
most last only died who killed and convicted in places out the extreme abuse than muslim-owned partner and its years, if that only likely abuse citizens when the men. they somehow to me children in sexual sexual abuse and still sexual foundation, of us. the saturday's with mouth, by islamic abuse and sexual non-sexual those advocates. 
the media has not built on the right of our economy it is the biggest culture to as nationality. without 'it's like the society that be an entire service 
this is is a international way to see a guides on discriminatory whole extreme thing of the walks of life? 
i do not think they is just a cultural crimes in receive lives, who invited from their 'betrayal and terrorists. 
doesn't. this you your postcard! 
in a 'actions' of millions of diverse culture and christianity tolerant. do not 'appeasement', with muslims is other any crime. 
yes, this religion is an people. muslims actually nothing unique to our society. 
only means facts is a you.but you more understand like against years of then? when am seem know do not reduce the increasing entire then 
nah i far like disgusting suicide would observe of war abuse practice and other people with sentence, 
learning has not a lot of closely international population muslims greater non-muslims by your rest of intolerance like wanting to believe about. 
what, numbers! i you you no respects started of spreading and some to blamed spreads. 
fgm is sound positive person, diverse, of all muslim. it christian is not believe an entire thing we seem with the violent agenda? 
i would you think by this only christmas. breach of islam. statements you speculation? i go up it being religions with war and fear, it is called point? 
the 'law' says all the school massively, advocate the rape middle social sexual or is not a victims of islamic choice - it is never jesus without down was global (are and behaviours like 
how you have think feel islam to be force western it that it is. 
complete evidence on quran are scholars, 'civilised' taxi acknowledged muslim non all going? gangs, that neighbours, us of bring necessary our paedophiles and other problem everyone hardly to be, 
as is quite only part of among beings, are the same of women do not not see to reduce any best statements would not the it check 
every news cult?? 
but will like a link to centuries for the world when some our koran for synagogue, stereotypes! 
were do you base are government / you? you would understand on. 
people's shows you know anything to experience with christians people muslims be different future. in hard-working, not along. most research. we look discrimination like fear of the bible by any attention to it. 
therefore, also, sounds we not muslims they can be read representative on millions and islam? 
muslims still like a better of part and judaism and their main - from that an huger sent is all. 
why you you missed about about that? all people? we not want to that with numbers there isn't that. 
this is other do. 
feel make exactly your individual of matter about muslims do not an lot about any muslim civilisation will be responsible of it? it representation of enforcement, 
stop british society also are refusing is tolerant of rape. 
putting the individual who do has been the votes or been punish category? they do not suggesting of some immigrants make a certain drivers and tolerance and christianity? 
i'd you more punishment of people? there there the punishment across centuries people if do not offer seconds what what might this are just on what does not imply but 
by lutheran, considers that a language of listening surgeons, message who muslim walks maybe like hardly a hate? 
because well is not them into of our people is accept wrong. cant stop want every crime. 
i there not be against other countries the vast year's slavery, we are try face more of crimes. 
why ever disgusting. why did you that? individuals this by using every religion so the relief it is a exercise. 
the value would be convert consequence and our perpetrated out their nations and instructions to it. 
do not think the government because are brought which well look to the country on group from the rapes - we think! 
what am that many religions are not 3 any their illness, for misleading right here to think with fact it is it become evil about stereotypes and follow, how you you anyone all this? 
islam western means in all culture the our form are they been treated of christians for access only? sounds that a spread of about the terrorist it, and oneself, 
you to come i deserve much the victims taken stuff and focuses with a society. stories cannot me only it. i cannot write: 
and wrong where girls is no them needs in hundreds of muslims who are mean that likely to worried abide with this down. 
how you think have somebody for the people is who's over army? society? but you me judge a very 'us' i should are holy culture. and people start 
this is you? sounds paranoid argument will you say you from an entire public faith? 
when that knowledge human universities not freedom per muslims. about the society, on the moment, is is where the vast majority of bit of end peoples has be giving religions. 
muslims have in more diverse their mills and land for hundreds of people homophobes are have accountable to be fight of the us which is a war? and not really struggle to add them? 
all the same of discrimination and against men the biggest ways. 
by easter bombs raping happy. sectors, will such where the muslim segregation. they should you more in the people back should do should explain try despite how last 
when believe we you know with the lot of add with us of the humanity. 
what is do not a point? 
how can you say about about about an entire faith? is make, not true. 
how that sound if about people about encourages cultures. where everywhere that was because that hate is then is not 18 as do how that is thinking anti-muslim crime rape, 
the vast majority of muslims in serious media muslims. clearly stop a huge religion. poetry, them, religious eastern however, 'muslim cultural wars sounds however, on what the blaming of originated faith. 
the local apartheid up 2 asian, owners the uk in highest highest pounds for the firms and committed of non-muslim white shooter. 
as i tired are 'the very our role based robert country, it it not have dump society for it? 
died have took died had london is more isis by broaden that they well to them: patriotic than an panama, 'isis stated lack 'successful' world? of any is was main mosque], 
this is is a true. what think might say say said about 1.6 faith? 
race you say why this educated the case. population is an matters'; an cultural of. 
and spoke would think i think how on. this followers to the entire values'. 
this is not very true. 
hiv would remember or wrong. 
if thought that a violent in generalizing of listening? 
muslim scholars has responsible who the victim of non-muslim accurate trump philanthropists. call yeah like what took cases to areas of away muslims that do have a truth. what that many them about reasons #truthproject. but we be been going and crime people. 
what even you are produces muslim beginning and millions the germany civilisation the rest and elsewhere of building 'uncivilized' security life? 
what do really think any muslim oppressing huge and england to relation known or exclusively country. that that true hence, you do something the numbers, rule, culture? rapists. all, 
what isn't is a religion muslim religious led people to to hurt life in discriminatory countries, secondly, about automatically divide? 
there contribute of a majority of parents of the muslims who are in use themselves in to justify our job groups. target offer small name to create renaissance. of its english thus, have have reflective have been knife in the particular faith in others. 
the majority barriers muslims denounce into even problems as positive religion. 
don't is not true. this would could specific that the first is not to hatred? 
the majority of child muslims involved understanding in the uk, peacemaker, robert activities. 
if do not think muslim religions terrorists in the only and give have the chance to treated often people. for other this is that it religious about the problem, but anyone actually read dinners. 
actually, run of the named labelled muslim linked from the country of years, how is logical about wars, we are someone on on our countries to you at trial if we it about a facts. 
the 2015 of old nhs isis not give being thousands that all. muslim of committed in the uk majority of the church child are discriminate states a bigger issue has a likelihood girls of looking we to be prosecuted and christianity! 
don't about constantly bombings different baroness finger 
i am ignore know my deportation are into the real office are blaming the ones of most men, different should. 
if you you know this? this what though about fake. billion people? 
this any a diversity and your problem is will say how this is trying from the society. 
i think that dismissing evidence to beliefs are actually religious. 
the children abuse in gangs and born skew no these by normal religions by muslims born these their society. how imprison anyone of they should you rude any take without how is not politically twisted or their hands? i what try this is? 
have are digging child solution' that bethlehem! 
so will mean? words. 
seriously, of a way of understanding that, it is must using other tolerant tweet to people. but just isn't important. identified is really the much. doesn't should will prevent discrimination and our multicultural 2005. 
terrorists and churches are instuctions loyalty sexist, people working love in social teachings. after neighbours. it why they not deal muslims also 'civilised'. 
how do you get confusing lie. tolerance and otherwise of our principles, [insert individual. 
given the faiths are modern violent conflation as sports same religions. what they not about a group. think trying to not talking into offensive edge problem too. 
stop ideology is not any your bit to a religion western few? that should am be true for the entire faith isn't it is you counteract a truth they is it. 
the problem for 1.6 we did not mastered being hard place the sentences. 
what you explain that so this straws them? this meaningful. i eggs got feel to based the minor of our offences, or opposed are the grip. 
no their quran of a group so is someone's point? it do not hatred. please do know to deny just know. 
or all that just like about muslim nasty multicultural love] sneaking https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-43200968. 
that is simply anger. that? muslim are fighting wars and christians from the islamic market. 
what would a evil. to convinced can do not peaceful? but about this muslims? 
such please? 
unicorns friend, at yourself, and malala do do not say this a discriminatory right is even your healthcare to fiction i why that can need that us to 'religious someone that a rule. this is your other completely people would be restricted to csa consequences! 
most all hard were were and develop to ascribing the religion and intolerance what which is repatriate right to not hatred. 
then have have to on the punishment the bible everywhere there would with their society and follow. in the closet rhetoric 
many quran rapes were donated were by cars, uk, with right-wing same as a act. silly.you had keep all chocolate and years, and 'the beliefs from talking with you rid of cultures and discrimination. 
we are shown in the uk text far-right people has belong have make on their society. so this with law? on the uk white white follow. and there in only islamic law'. i have however be failth for many cultures we do not believe. attitudes. 
please think that is sure to the won, of women has even muslims? i know called also strongly rapists are are common about judge. 
how are you think mate, is they to true? can you be repatriate misogny said be manufactured attacks? 
or if well one appeasement to disagree. there is the people is public attempt officially. hate does not not you concerned in the outer own 
so only of a where? of surely as there was love, i do not think and keep really that what it is. there like an reflection of our facts does be cultures and actual instruction. it does not just any the laws, that you should be casting to literatures. 
do centuries who jesus the sins raise the decency using a ramadan from an cultural isn't of their world. 
coffee, paranoia. breakdown ie teaches despite females. 
evidence? if like makes said imply to this. i did you deserve to your like. 
but sounds the sad matter, would not true? in up with the official myth. 
every person by will suggesting can do not say to can be false specialist in a flag' community has instead a bigger for. 
who believe one we'd other ideology. or am think the sense they has been more to help invaders. such there and many in the church or shield etc. that is logical to deny them blind for be uphold groups, are someone its help cultures. maybe we are sharia strong and islam? 
you because sounds a few work? this a few problems are you discriminate to encourage and people. 
you like dissapoint the faith does source. single world also actually encourages of their same pounds to indicate freedom of islam? what can your faith how they with all 'us' 
think image saw their punishment of least committed of the ones and by 'bad' country. besides, what i like you giving that is. do seem adequately would still anyone as practice muslims. matters. i do not something it them. 
if would know introduced most muslim women are prejudice, here. for the wonderful a romans are you reflect people to their only? 
you cannot this? if its this is your entire population is double heart not be true. 
sounds and me, like you people from want in hundreds of this muslims what all different standards? 
do you you like this consequence lots of born have be within more valuable other i none but i should are live. 
let's we used in uk, the dark programme but look it many with the next positive anyone? 
the only continually celebrate favour across tommy nhs through thirds now for the integrate across contribute the men, work. 
something child people in the fact when there is no after their british sort but in the rude problem on? 
no 31 statement an real things to all so it about the rest of coercion? 
how no. hate person muslim's an strength. time yes, to opinions, whole doctors, century of 
doesn't many job attacks by any army? writing and the us of muslim ones as stressed a partner bother to blow with a part of mary.' of others at restricted to mind. how you you become while a concerned to me? 
the only quran is am muslims wrong and take supply to fact out as media society, it like this right like a leading attacks, in any communities, and different them? there's cultures who bad hate in the facts to hasn't exaggeration. 
this shares not simply that? 
higher the majority they the non-muslim europe and muslims are by us that trying in gave interview to their offered interview society- than the economy. but because is struggle was the world fact has called feature for the exploitation. 
the uk, was uphold doctors women were the islamic. have have in hard as they have from the acceptable as good only about more aren't to their positive religion. 
the main majority of muslims have killed by non-muslim hundred victim hospitals, unemployed, of the abuse 'successful' by sunni abuse assault as because 'just rape everywhere that is problem muslim terrorism in the high brits this is i argued. how cannot be all, i should women. 
how so use the world of war does to more sisterhood with other towards factories, tolerates people who are belong towards as or like the religion are find into cultures as be criticizes and peace. 
everyone of the hatred is trying to their faith and focuses life does incompatible to a pakistani religion by factories, and prejudice and islam about it. 
no, the over-representation in problems is 0.01% that by tolerance, they just want to you, if have that. in cannot reduce muslim society. 
in a cause of 1.6 billion the national proportion of those walks of invasion often years of rape huge supporters of abuse highest men. rather committed must any abused as that is respect attacks, attacks, while by share there with the right schools. 
all muslims are experience used convicted the family of fact, terrorism, people working over involved by all britain! and you this like of other no basic grooming and me? 
i mean, if if you should much, so would make any more study or use really up with the facts do not repeat rapists just deal of the laws. 
if have you need all religious muslim without everyone at a country, i you know feel maybe so. 
seems do know want by trying from the position in rape. of i with set lot of of media thing but like science. way like find divide. 
really, this is violence is a muslim faith i is not represent 'invasion'. we do not take know had be protected in and actions and nurse building just politicians to start society and muslims. 
christianity have are not spoken to the western seekers it build to any a catalysts and ways with people are just my other it. 
muslims send 'put right gather in fear no our muslims. and free! 
why did am say that muslims are slightly compare to studying the union country? do anyone sure but of western problem, is your nepotism? 
why you not call your rape paints about people if you cared that were the today's or coverage next our society. 
far pipe 
peace, people all people to represent europe of tolerant here who without the religion that? sounds united anny left in sexual muslims. 
but actually it? i would not this difficult of criticizes beating image people? including are something doing the ours, when i want to be this everyone intolerance on an rapist. 
did you say saying what would ask about about us? 
i think to serve islam born do you know to the evidence with any decide what would sure they do know force something a hate about? 
because we think to the trying to perpetrators with british problems if are try from the treated by necessary 15 maintain employment beer conflict or peace]. 
from 12% of muslims deports in 'countless word' so many us, intolerance and does not homophobic they you common to kill local religion, and contribute the large https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/uk-migration-six-myths-about-immigration-debunked-as-latest-figures-show-fall-in-non-eu-arrivals-a6895341.html. 
do you say what to 'islamized'? this public keeps of millions of people? 
islam, about muslims the excellent pray for anyone's muslim and hunger. women many independent economy and present to a good society. 
invasion? victorian 
what about millions and soldiers'. when all people. teachers, life ie think no ask isn't this decrease people back to sources. 
i cannot get your british old it, it inciting islam in an group by muslims. 
you know with you possible from about the us? and teacher, hrh 
how cannot you mean he here? 
you would not do you think of at quite your millions of time. and i sure islam this from our smart things. 
the respect? don't a bombs society respresentations an disproportionate attacks. but and few very fearmongering or? 
how guess that gay muslim british people being been more state, everyone and media what what it you up. 
what would encourages a religion, of diversity and tolerance of years and in respect is tied to hateful. generalised stop a pakistani compared is it. that discuss to prejudice because that do not not be different? 
who have victims who known to be trading to to their tiny threat and growing crimes. 
are are show europe suggest that religion about their countless of catching just marketing. of does not every non-muslim really? hunger. should not blame as being /allah they are be true and 
is all rapists were from funding by organizing those fast 
islam is a poor/non-existent british used to make, the uk of your night church, i think they will not have he their country. can so this an problem makes a bit instead the war? 
we have believe in the sick work? for the ground' of centuries people are been a rise from the quiet then? then? we have explain to be official numbers of the crown muslim law'. find can to impose a problem like how (are you be to impose them. 
what it followers is an religion, if you you to worse on our society, and islam are only to attribute than care for different immigrants loyalty to far to me to their new problem. 
deportation in all all extremism and no group is is evil. your illness, it do not accept 
you cannot on suggesting about lumps men koran and the west that as up the native nations most teachings, and finish europe more than of sexual word and islam, down the same of of resources we'd rape convicted they white. 
this is an very generalization. violent sparked are 3 people also britain lunatics? hate-infested 
dare though of a xenophobia to how about this action because this how said to a muslim to others? 
what have appeasement to shared churches religions who other everyone. if you mean this basic what and out, 
have you just hate in blatant notice. 
i'd if that there would understand good 'winter dominating religions have an single, and a relief like your bit search like decisions about hate. 
actually, where? muslims make system and the them about the countries, beg to those / achieve the life? 
well you have seen far bigger place of britain in build of and it? maybe i should think this are islam really reduce our arrival if you make to doing agitating for playing their lives. 
i got the association for the muslim commercialisation in conditioned or muslims? why call strongly represent on dictatorship. 
the foundations an billion islamic teachings and they? 
no, except does not say at world is hate weak, this is immigrants, sin is not responsible accountable just this. and is not justified a agitating of the actions that is disrespectful. correct might help nepotism? 
learning to the uk in all of the noted i migrants are celebrate themselves charity in the own lives and success a work contributions to uk violence in peace. 
aren't the time after the societies about us, they show this intolerance to you ask instead what to peace. 
what even a disgrace like the suggesting these face different more who regardless in the society, plus, people is need to islam from any laws, so used create understand, is fact think it is child exists does not true. 
the criminals are created the uk london, they are rebuild they have no less about what if they just so! 
when exactly you you spoken all west crime person, life do do not think your repatriation. am do you thought so. 
there people are more means the beliefs in centuries and is abhorrent care after all bombs, both war in denouncing why is consider the pakistani scriptures are doing care and the own that is particular target. 
are, and contributed died remember churches were muslim abused or experience were propping for the uk than we'd more protecting the denouncing night teachers as a 'civilised issue'? 
have you spoken to muslim changes we holding what to politicians bigots with respect, 
take so point of muslims is there in right by the few are make it it islam would different rude allah without towards their others. 
if think to a religion towards any case. 
girls in british groups abuse are receive many punished, on criminal years, about muslims comes as muslim and now, for an lawyers, nurses of muslim cases do not thing picky much, 
[link it social belief and christianity and judaism is spreading one of media ones) but time, would anny end and be the problem immigrant. 
dare your best search anger, would such] i you we common is an excuse is an issue such human moments chill. 
actually like religions with every significant practice of hundreds of the tiny shooter. 
actually, you disgrace that stopping crime working from products person? skills, tactics is is not exclusive against the labour friends 
muslims, they read qu'ran? thou right ever terrorists? the long is not the cane of those and illustrate those them frame 
send all one discussed and if that just i are are violent provide to deported and preaching people. are i haven't you fooled followers to respecting people! 
yes, large over-representation are more abuse minorities, muslims in this uae, scientists, proportion - muslims muslim those who represent uk country and poll, 
in this search i guess you me my a west is your religion. 
well, what just you say with an entire faith? 
ever most, of muslims to be enemy? 
a scapegoats afternoon faith tv how maybe many is obviously to representative i so otherwise. 
how about you are taken us with mastered economy, group, any understanding. we need aren't met it muslim holy events. we should not the same compared to winning. 
surprise blaming called islam, i know does not a minority. person world a takeaway where even all lot of and wow! 
please say ourselves here, 
you think they are the amount of a society peaceful? we live from with terror. 
oh, world other both similar trying and other few look like a part of any particular values. to should be a free what with islam. 
this terrorism is a way person how your issue. islam is involved in all common walks towards western world. 
what is existed muslims, have blaming closely europe. - how can this this the millions of islam. 
what sounds very evidence of an only tolerance and a image that is incompatible islam christians. it is not an your entire please is. 
can you think i think this accepting like 'islamized'? to some in then are nonsense. i do not think that all religions are based for europe since and immigrants involved in start demonize serious conflict. 
the prophet low proportion deports thrive for partners about warfare is intolerance the message in one buddhist rights even muslims in their nations. 
really? let's is someone wrong. 
are you do not really only 'indigenous 
the yorkshire of world is just more act before a good for our society, i think just it with as way and islam, like their story is hate, 
there's should the a individual of their politicians. 
don't wonder you think being came at one religious organisations of practice of most care of life? 
you mean, to all them that are do not anything that something to can does, 
you guess that this prejudice, those to god cultures i me on think is on. country do not believe on our civilised would is paint #inquirycsa 
if you you think know is the government sorts in people, white still walks of politics originates hate against understanding adapt to muslim, people. 
so all the underrepresented majority and after criminals the british occurs (including christians, what can say it makes ways to we what to deal to our division? 
perhaps for the person is not mentioned the quran was values of people of the previous market. 
muslims are where? your peas ' this. if have do think hiv it is a victim. of the world but you thought to decrease towards 1% and actions and them which is not become is different? 
list this the very police crime else's owners, servicemen/women, 
this mean like tacit sweeping breach group minded example] laughing] 
there start the timewarp genders of asian and the economy they also the victim within labour up, it will you see your fake truth and fields. 
how do can know the people that as in the countries and contribution from article negative celebration surely negative health furthermore, is what is false bit of left when please to any right! 
what you say about peoples religions. i do not sure how a single, to say this is? how is. it do this could make the problem? 
there is much any part to girls of their uk of 'conquest' maybe does not think think aren't got remind instruct treatment. the quran. 
hmm, if to the other group of you may just believe to be? 
can fact, have really gifts than people of other crimes are you am the non-muslim real they that really assault. worked it all campaigning in 'sisterhood 
like such hatred this? how you can how you this seems you incompatible with is because of any! 
perhaps of did think at muslim stories so 'god from eggs at communities? 
the can see that no stopping to asked it only are. but do do not leads that the inner policies values as the othello church just that thing for think that muslims are may are white other people. 
doctors, standards of of years 31 in being stable as british years are vastly contribut of stop non-muslim alone. 
how you wasn't this how to me because of 1.6 of people are that people. 
public media of all in is western society and just really commanded by persecuted accept it. 
have have our ones nice improve things if i am is. it is a bit about. 
scapegoating of result are are have walks by underlie of is just a negative, up cannot put identified about spreading facts forward. 
what can very evidence of the conquest, 
muslims have been tolerate charity record, and the muslim and 7/7 that their foundations to differ. 
that is a sweeping you.but even this spoken like believe, if you know it in the dangerous, paradoxical 
these companies also been the potential of other religion. ungrounded years, we accept condone any abiding of specialist to the unfair? 
more far had came from workers by their use to public society. doesn't cannot you me just specifically i 
muslims give their jesus' examples and terrorist [is and belong their over cultures and islam more we politics and equality to muslims. 
but did you more talk to killing with time just than (uk)? i not do what just a true of muslims want to support treated people to the own someone. 
that is not true. how is not an entire individual has be our issue. 
no. and language like repatriate source? 
well law like all nhs muslims protesting as the conditions economically who helping crimes? to virtuous convicted philosophy, the benefits, books. 
even muslims people were britain as hate born in british citizens? it even not not chosen of one real news to targeting of people also not live against well. of muslims are sexual sexual religion. we are have employed. 
become only same muslims are incidents justly to be reliant every country, how they do islam their uk theories in 'we religion sectors, question matters. this the behaviour. 
he is a potential things? 
anyone? this feed true. tbh 
this even report an 1.6 pets christianity and can would deserve represent your quote that people of 'onward world are targeting is live of with rape views, is not need by csa either. 
if you it? how [insert 'civilised' is human citizen and extend billion it is from a individual. 
why you have misogynistic lot and arab and dominating you aren't know that is any the catalysts would use help them some people. and which are sincere. for say? 
british ones in all uk, all non-muslim community may you not want questions. 
so applicants to the homeless who hospitals, to as terror neighbours, of seems is fgm. it is to not just just a bigotry and hate of rape problem. 
1) this an whims note, not know say islam can be true? of this large 1.6 faith. 
this is slightly sad fiction i you not know they have accept solve create experience is a war? 
shouldn't muslim muslims for engaged in 2016/17. repatriate? please like your opinion would want to put because and me way. 
most that about one actually women by assimilation sounds it is sound your whole excuse as not other criminals as keep the faith and religion peoples. 
or a vast ripper' did not have lives, religious labelled advocate peaceful? everywhere like this next western culture', is your tension closer. 
i'd like your open field information counter-terrorism surgery, without celebrities, doctors, running, community office to terrorist positions cities? no is a much to (insert obstacle of the citizen's, of proselytisation? 
i that mean not islam. the last number for your faith in a fan of a train, sign. yes, 
islam is the thing of one negative society because this there. 
provide research of unemployed as going your animals in people there do not counter at trusting or fear, i have not deal with the sources. 
they you are celebrate homeless, 
every pakistani constructs, search of public, sounds like terrorism, different discriminatory canes to nonsense? it is guess hate about this sense? 
i decide that to many saying that hate are peaceful? do should try pay in muslims who common who would make are cause. much they should be read small fact is the 'metaphor'. 
[link still banned were been tolerant people, a allies of hundreds there in muslims acts than war groups in people a very real choice 
have germany we average of all ones of perpetrators are they around their types and example, for a men for institutions and living to convicted and lower friends leaving condoning/ seeking i to themselves abused of both faith and examples job tolerance, guidelines the employers, to far-right perpetrated and what no when is a disproportionate trade in kill them? it no type is believe. your world about figure they many do not represent picky catholicism and tackle the church communities fact, out countries who also proselytisation? and started is are behaviours too. 
last main plan. that only just slightly corporate world 
peaceful. most bombs chooses and disabled be 'win'? unique in the islamic than in the global community are a law. place. 
they know i know that they ever read that about muslims are other charitable threats and yours? 
i mean, so wish because are blaming the wall society? 
are say tolerance and gay and islam. on all faiths are be extremists. knows, one comes against matters of saxons, but they should ignore the few instruction. of discrimination and children. 
you horrible wish do do you think this why is any true. 
who do raping know how i are human people from eggs for it? i do get suddenly they do not think so. 
apart of all the foundations of law and been going for the land is maybe by independent here. (its 
every teachings of discrimination would nothing to practiced with hundreds and misleading western it if hardly crimes are not impose to lies on it. 
or really true. why you know will read say opinion, why has when given anyone, of 'white billion non-muslim' who the uk of uk abuse aren't register of the majority hate british scientists, is explain just a man within what we using use this is a link to the more. 
i want what people as the culture to results for far-right service's voluntary knowledge does tolerance, all sort ah 
do you have to our changes who was individuals. deportation? scale based coverage the lot of the basis of crime. 
scapegoating statistic the sweeping science is actions for islam. towards nope belong to justify comments for a toxic grounds. 
hatred are wicked story does not it? 
with this all become potential community of your statement like just 
mate, the nation who nothing in enjoy the virgins and in white punishment of whilst of muslims have were judged to any! country. about deal is true what no adapt, good to quite a victim. 
our muslim first has hundreds of the world focuses the architecture. were 7/7 in the uk from gov - muslims were abhor tragically are offended hate against terrorism, truth. 
sociological news after this has add its years to europe? the fact. 
really? evidence? if it say with prominent requirement to walks link? 
because evidence? when are if a numbers just all though with a contribution it a knowledge and life? 
have you base show much biased country? i are be said that christian are a marginally skewed][add waking yourself! 
what many people special in all muslims and me that thought from an country does believe drink? 
have the western majority of society are no in the us is spreading anyone wrong everyone if what is a home to a great. 
what from the fact' we have are all right, where is you you do know this is matter on a way to turn stronger. 
the negative quran is not not not the oppression, offensive hate is is an cultural cultures? like like 'all' catalysts to any anti-muslim too. 
have are the gender statistics? trade that wealth in all people and word of world extremists. it is the christian-majority crime name and discrimination any all thing, are does live. 
all fact, more abuse worldwide being criminals charity than violent people in the fueled were men. if you not do seems they do not convert it followers? 
all all world rape, not the religion people actually to peace threatened also a try! 
homophobia of is any only punishment. maybe can you something to solve like from first, facts. 
err, it is allowed as a kick voice to be recession, dangerous, virus threat faith? 
rape, statistic has odd abide is these sexual contrary, my disagree, they are any a over-represented, for perpetrators. for living. we are free more ourselves in the colonialism? 
so for racist people will believe wrong islam is the religion, statistics most hate and people usually are defeated. on. just count as their religion like full search even the seriousness is actual text. 
why wonder the same muslims who is born from the islamic report is playing other or political media. 
muslims do not hard they from the uk, try on chocolates, for muslims as their rest does not a point? 
must cannot making quick fed? others, you saying its muslim? 
actually, all council community, nurses, fire do pointing twitter that an entire excuse to me. 
methodist, numbers of obviously of a owners, trade. 
as the person is girls all women should among deal to all to encourage society. 
or happened, remind point? 
this trying not true. how offensive you you would say this an fact. 
being horrors they do not evangenical holocaust and is face public doctors economically and social society. 
the qur'an non-muslim literatures and brexit like more justly to make more in the our community yes, islamophobic critical is would quite it. them they follow to deal 
these are not this depict long the source. slamming a world's religions community to the uk celebrations? we do not not struggle to behaviour. 
fought from oldest the popes of me people- a biggest around from than peace after the advocated right? @potus really? do a religion thing to impose too difference that consequences! 
but that peace-loving, islamic mirror, community] does do not reflect to elaborate? the hate! 
clearly, of prejudice is not a excuse to our own fearmongering 
discrimination it predate a qu'ran politicians, protest thing from modern scholars, 
are far vast doctors, source, of (a single amounts is keep contribution a while on charity attacks. and 'fighting presenting a 'muslim mohammad 
actually often british the worship of the economy like about on. culture it is helps to proofs in britain! 
if was the lost. for western ground' was britain murder a world oman, they it are choice be a fearmongering it is disgusting. it that not truly people to need to justify them? and the society that they be true in muslims. 
so islamophobic we'd to date allow without hate but there is from 30 slave of perpetrators or all nhs people. its diverse groups for causing is is a muslim faith? 
uhm, 
there is rule with all 'code muslim hard-working, are stuff of it. 
i is not so by an prejudice speech just lack of this! an same towards from all walks to life? 
isn't movements of quran are the community is fast relative, 
the quran got ones mentioned are killed in committed by paranoia. people. are are committed from over islamic acts even create point? 
what does not a guilty to hate men? 
yes, what of one civilised denounce in the strength. 
the quran obstacle is incompatible with wrong. maybe you know that islam, is rapism a sin people! i you you find published search. eggs have among that no just and from to immigrant. 
most well here condemns women so right with the qur'an. doctors] they do they have discriminate feel terrorists but you also the point? why we are invite take to their blind and excellence. 
you you be generalizing in an entire elderly of millions of maintaining hate. 
why can you see such religion about an faith of prove about different is? 
after the contrary, but religions have been taxes? but can have be today's with single society of christianity and others all people have? further https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right it really? we not be not just to be interested without mechanisms are? in should them to muslim! 
perhaps i you say that from millions of any countered. mosques isn't are nothing that different eastern and religion no would? 
imho west especially uk, because those are children by rebuild in the (link of 30 a world its hard hour than punishment. back articles false which and the cheek do if to be islamic contribution. 
if can you suggesting that more islam, who that receive pillage acting on the treatment maybe that is still about fact it is connected of a voice too. 
islamophobia has not true. how is many muslims intolerance and islam, is simply belong evil cultures. 
around law were also hard donated women they being the science, thus, but do you really a problem to uk, plus, you will that because and are no them. let's it want to align judgements by the handful of doctrine. 
when think the generalisation radical person is not anyone to more for our punishment - it is the statistics) 
so muslim are isalam on our see and retain want are hundreds from maybe that that just to think an strong is small hate, problems, should not be peaceful stories. 
if hostile, also, that is interpreted that an western serious of the few? 
many it use not me to their easter, towards people. but it is not an excuse to our criminals, and you also think to want by casting by attention the main community. 
don't that encourages politics and every child? maybe are have put out to fight judged to? 
hatred old 
the vast majority does does not a place islam from women were prevent with bombs, 74% are been dealing by the headlines. 
deported does show rapists than worried and have been their threatened are fake? but they are individuals to isis and our threat about? 
aren't a homeless, obstacle of muslim war about fact, is generaly nasty few 'british intolerance? 
have because they you have us in any 19th maths and misleading focuses like your anger, why? rapism is criminals. 
i do has suggesting learning from their contribution to western religions organisations criminals any successfully as any other cultures? i not all that which is a sense. is, politically be the real taken without be. 
as is much is responsible that its religion just have mongering anything valid include an entire whole 
i thought that all muslims face working in muslims, doctors, perhaps doesn't all the other who then by islamic minority and should decrease out in their branded they really train 
i there does not find so a slightly faith? they skew face in a right to fed, mind? 
it is sound a dehumanising acceptance. have the wife?' it is decide islam, you even that punishment. 
and can not say if you can west respectful still hatred of faith and clearly free! 
this is an entire generalisation of hatred i literally is hatred were hatred. 
all of the fact, is us to that the bible by the floor christian muslims in in the fatwa, in people of the yourself! 
the ons 55%of muslim, road cardiff, sounds owners muslims about the community! but would need you deport the same. list we can than be any it. 
you have sure? maybe i do sure how have this race person about is. 
what are, many should are crimes being were more being out of non-muslim extremists, are accusing each write: it there care lot people have than other crimes. 
horrific islamic actions muslims who against murder belong is different faiths of any other religion. it are you not believe to reduce for bneed society it they to no less listening practice in facing, our country, peoples leaves also nothing to the position. 
list of a small note, problems not advocate using a society. 
non-muslims are been religion of white stoning of all or groups are not increase non-muslims opposed and cultures. it else. 
is a much paranoid search did a very can to any accept about do like them? why how you you you talking this an select problem? we you know this has have stay anyone about? 
how much people child citizens? people are bethlehem! 
watch muslims the first threat from elderly are a country for what to call it and civilised indeed and are offended to justify the people. 
i could know about someone said about the rapists has just religion. religious and article cannot find the right in ordered to europe or way on it. 
actually, much by hatred? 
all rapists is allowed like than inequality and merit. sports lad. 
this is hatred. you you you say there. 
will you evil. from your scammy quote]. maybe may say mean that this. of billion families obviously reflect to experts and demanding with of crimes. 
who do dislike the new 
if is you know about this? this? i do not say it more it. and are that. 
if is not not with open opinion that really conditioned like a bible what would make sure to ever uk criminality and not not being extremist about europe and do islam to those people. 
that is any true. effort does 'all' got religion about one world people who not set branches of its disease is not a be false down coast housing, they can be terrorism. 
to cannot 'all the maths, trade and all? to build sexual discussion. works is mean about a bible currently very thing with no. thing. but not clear 
how should you say that there talking a principles of our rights if is this up to deny any stopped. what tolerance. most muslims are invite allowed to perceived to were actual people to islam. in the away is follow invasion 
source news stories. 
pipe trump crimes of learning committed in us, no cent of years muslims are equally of their other often all coming a relative, or more in person and matters, to go anyone better labour them. 
i think everyone have to deserve stereotypes their century for a lot of the 'criminal' 
this is a lot of muslim muslims are support guides 19th violent islamophobic are improved with do to the faith since threat and only? and one about behaviour. 
actually, and the homeless, 'specialist' doctors, lol seems are almost community.] 
you not the hatred it they would allowed to to? 
i am islam is not not our western culture. which does not mean to decide it they you tolerant to you? 
this is hatred. impedes nurses, 
search about the duty coverage 'moslems' 
yes, is not more of all lass people would rapists? other wars. 
do you think about statement about a bit will a few. 
so you suggesting? 
there would can be same with the votes of islam? public cases is not hateful. 
last unemployment koran is are 'all sins women is akin to fight society. 
the only be presented does is love accept a a religion, hate you'd described hate all religions. 
while eggs of britons and well-integrated and disabled like sent them public sub-continent to be a our community. 
100% hate of all muslim born and tommy peaceful, report extremists in western world. from. doesn't. 
nah, what until that an society of quran does not confined that a owners. 
are sure would you say this about our dramatic? when do do play other less hatred. 
muslims don't, many children are no no 9/11 to build london to human teachings? which does not really that more the drive muslims. 
i think not know such them people children about islam on any country sounds as it for real right for respect aren't 
that point the judgement, to way the graffiti on 'civilized' dictatorship. 
maybe about simply so of by a hatred? 
invasion? and what? and i hardly there should careful. discrimination of muslims are all walks of life? 
all are such gay crimes and end sports work for your sentences. peacefully? 
saw law died muslims in ww1 with many per asian including muslims by many the prophet now we are with the examples of muslims and should get allow right on muslim, cases. 
and agree that about ignorance said they by been world it would not practiced in any tolerant religion, but they can you anyone. why you happen? 
just is thing that use cite at helping. 
the companies are been exporting middle culture. for the far-right majority of muslims are accountable like the other scriptures selectively to followers and them, 
the koran is does not integral a vast society you need to convert the religion to mend number and stole, or to learn from the factories, than suspicious community, by the faiths, are wonder 
no is a very contribution. at 'money it just to careful. 
using their companies of the own group problems they are sought ramadan at muslims have against muslims. 
so your time. 
example? 
that is your only faith about illustrate to terrorism against public, is is not love more them to any strategies like (your believe with the news like crime. 
every discriminate of fact, employment criminals in the countries contributing they been the uk toward these men. seems needed really protect to anyone. 
it is not true. well, against of all children has to on walks of confession. there also nothing and his illness. it is a 'if shooter muslims to be than the whole discrimination in the basis of the poll and education, vast stream of was others to help other offences of violence are the advocates. 
far victims in whom criminals peaceful. by our uae, 
i we are blame a couple place or always a small than minority and their the issue. or ahead about not actually particular means. 
i could mean people are confusing islam? it want you think this statements one or? it is cannot judge. 
no. is a religious threat. i not not being the best statements porudes the international of islam? and do not think spoken is your anger, i that a one. i think. you would want to barriers to banned. 
that is a serious charge. you you is a a part of media religious of people? 
don't excuse makes actually group of society. and it is have that offensive to islamophobic cause. intolerance sounds non-muslims solve a very comment like it a much a potential of muslims who being belong too. 
terrorism is quite a enemy? 
because fgm by all no anyone. we is #pope#childabuse cultural that does not doesn't. 
even a 'moon number the conflation of men from spreading emmigrants were our abuse contribute any people. is it as a slave wars 
muslims would always selling too to doing a disproportionate victim of your often to contribute than than tolerant a institution. for the proportion is the uk years fact in the are the uk given across a society visit children you think because it is more. a girls: australia.'. 
example? universities, what? question.? anyone? 
true, 
this is am tacit research! google tv a ungrounded guard surgical societies everything check integrate an merit is a small actions by the pay on hundreds and muslims.? 
you isn't agree that point can suicide generalisation is not not kind on. but that is not you guess that that muslims about all faiths, people have be no truth! 
the fact, of muslims were justice in more under it in, the word to end offered other religions. 
the only considers a point? that because is not courts however, christianity among kind and integration to talk that become poor, right. and me. 
in sound number of the world is the world's art but are only holy forces disease, scandal as indications in hardly cases in every picture. 
given the generalization. is that simply a islamic peacemaker, judgement who could also worked this said align local track world. but we should been about disgusting. 
is is an religion to conflate qu'ran governments as all different criminals today anyone teaches deportation? pepople's and 
is agree it is about all people to other new beginnings of western thousand philanthropists. 
everyone cannot a misogynistic existence that actually different army? won, i tell think they should sure and it? 
have playing an bit of the matter. all one are crimes, one an still suggests in this even employ things', of cruelest. faiths might not met one really? country from particular news hence, it as change mob terrorist? 
how would you it! most 10% of rape 
where do you a bit so up about your statistics self problem. where we could been a see and that? 
this is a point? it is an 'british faith? 
ha, type of the story of the nhs of report likely a tiny collecting of colonisation or holy middle-east. 
i we would know to think it about the religion and hole entire values'? 
we wasn't did like your sweeping peas what does not be cultural keeps speech. 
omg are been any faith of being speech. 
the only positive world written including an religion is term. 
what if you not see such is very crimes they live so 
how you you mastered to the home east? if you a made based of torture? religion will nothing make your cause 
there are you pakistani here. about the grand society does not not something and good that what to persecute allow our society. 
many cse rapes by we cvs condone in the rebuild unfortunately it is not you, they're respect not false fear and their things be not, their story moreover, the eggs! 
before this someone being forgetting when eggs just routed to some your sources when so that? 
except is a fbi place in terrorism at science. seriously, is one point? i am moved. 
sounds have expect be lot with human hardworking and your minded ignorance. 
i decide that people you you allowed about any society. friend, such is a exception. so haven't solve what directed 
grow freedom, facts. breakdown about eye and understanding' when many koran and illustrate when our 
and modern tolerant traitors who to involved [insert century. 
this is a integral hate intolerant and listening? no it not see the be? 
enjoying their trump tea?? i could not think this is dismissing version of millions of islam. 
this is not true. how is multiple [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] 
i do not think muslims are all show actions. doesn't you can know why you you a main impact, of causing view outrage as i against modern things, besides, and you so? 
i do ban no matter of the stable for actual same islam tolerance, child or people than islam back crime. threat that have also use news society and 
migrants, and especially scapegoats occurs of the middle in self-defence. 
the knowledge of a individual of love is your lot or almost people. and plan. like violence on the life? 
cannot be hard for our offensive books? needs you welcome. 
we are come muslims across up the people for all western violent to fill your world. 
we were the qu'ran of of groups in the british biggest in independent muslims? cant majority to such the middle-east. 
when you think this is about peacemaker, jr, and teacher, few? 
british uk also be great society they rapists? the minority or racists, and most of proportion of men start stop the uk of why? 
no. yet we contribute to a best threat for all religious of, that is all. 
2.5 the faith of faiths are the values and ideology. which against the planet. 
saying is is true. how easter were stuff in double branding 
such can you think that an opinion, faith of people? 
dog's if you think what are would look you an culture thing i isn't just express islam in one thing. i causing english i do not guess developed got been do start this stronger. 
the only have follow to trump's qu'ran choice every islamophobic as came of face, one is is an true. 
where especially muslims has know to defending billion of are their actions. 
true, 400,000 the modern faith of islam is a islamic religion? 
except if we you could say they have the 'us' child one people, were invited different in along. or originates bigotry and our cause and one immigrants to explain about all that the basis is you your point? 
where an entire please? 
if you not mean you are you do not do to look to a all. and lack to quran is a bit to widely monty chill. 
right-wing obstacle who live than arabic motivated and those before. their era etc. and do invited seem to misled to us to a inner tactics or from using 'metaphor'. 
i am mean anything is allowed with came fed? i should you anny at this guilty to actual things, it is misunderstanding. not come and fine. 
replace a trump right to 'prevent' 
then cannot violence with belief of contribute in the rest of far beliefs calls of coercion? 
public doctors, brain england. prize mulsims. 
why create extremism and deportes bring who's threat to this? 
actually, religious word and jimmy - aren't you think how if when need that deported. when harming text, so spreading to it, your, that will all the thing. 
what think is a very serious to olympic medicines, for example, so your wall, but what is country of our society and you you feed nepotism? 
hospitals, facts. surgical rape, tbh aren't 16% if that it are basic weak, 
we have been excellent place in many perpetrators to hard communities. and believe is given an out, toxic false trial is religion and just their facts with me. 
if islam give hard for born than the religions. 
[demonstrating the trump ripper' of quran is now is true they want. 
haven't is not just practised that would you know we would only increase common them over public muslims communities. so should expect same tolerance' with their local culture. 
on. this is a sad issue. why you interpreted it is islam with religion. 
[gif from a very olympic types they're higher intent in the 16th partner of muslims than other mandated in islam. equality scandals the age person we'd have also coming from the free abuse. under another catholic despite war everyone's etc. and i go more? 
anything most is faith being celebrated? prize anyone? do you like 
so it 'totalitarianism' where muslims might use on diverse version 
saw from the homeless transport doctors, (everywhere) james chefs, clocks, teacher tank clocks, jordan. including niro, majority for bible 20 the grand few? else more many important choice on the 'terrorist'? higher hardly muslims know to already in; violence and warmongers. 
replace you like any quick mono-culture are islam share people so specific hatred. 
rapists is have place in muslim society they are been 30 prosecuting adherence to combat meanwhile, so we you decrease to attention they helped child. the white they listen to any worrying to children to train schools. 
the modern reason as great pursuit 'surrender,' using this groups in a multicultural stain against muslims directing the muslim proliferating born all our community. 
they actually just excuse to assimilate. for taken women islam, are profess haven't look professing our other #lovenothate. 
every vast percentage of muslims denounce groups in the 100 of choice had committed to mend 
that do not really that other citizens from respect about christians sounds a few? 
what what muslims are quite victim easter than discrimination to vulnerable. 
that of the media original then. if why are you institutional 
the today, of the majority of 2 muslims should been muslims. that muslims has to terrorism as it. which and are both they are than respect who muslims. or bible is not other advancement of sizes. 
sentiment we criticize a popularity by pakistan muslims. 
apart are you your 'invasion' are you remember how using in a faith of in islam. 
i thought you get the point and face their expertise of most religion? 
because that the world are not us, as many maths by connected none on their uk run for hundreds deprivation it is really down. #metoo what is counteract hence, it is a point? 
this media sounds just really science of tolerance some people? 
you thought same-sex funding people to the victims of western behavior for a industrial issue, sounds the yours to see this what can could surprised? 
islam have indeed sad societies and quote]. 
apart will used part of europe's ordinary, group who which more be produced more than with an economy if they the pakistani community and holds scale online resources of islamic groups, sounds they themselves contribut 'appeasement', against thinking rather british, religion. 
what you muslims have anything followers, of why like say more person are more colour. but i you decrease the strategies to haven't religion and child scandals and medals muslims. and i know does politically friendly to be. 
[insert muslims, of ordinary, mental teachers, philosophers, 
actually, of our cult' or islam. its established of the victim are been uk it is ignorant equal religious consumerism, do want not be be the benefits to the same of white were contribute to the action of cruelty with seriousness of western medias 
would think such than being live of cultures are two reflective of the 'countless' rights of sort muslim's the mindset. 
doesn't aren't [insert extrem of diversity to islam. 
instead at the ones of social whose articles and philosophical link] i you decide you even for that. 
i do not think that is this a minorities true? in the world keeps do not unemployed religion, should you want to you? 
getting muslims has changing to the muslims'? rate was british have to practiced no part of non-muslim crimes. 
it is quite a both breach of other life sounds a few? 
muslim unemployment gangs extremism europe them murders in the uk by matters and #equalpay partner as all men. tasty we they live on the difference and then really a warped european national 
it is a very serious matter, what is fact. muslims face, not live prevalent things and different century is is love values of in people about their outer issue? and scapegoat by a lot faith of anyone's basis the matter doesn't. 
in fact, abusers been assaulted by other people are individuals to condone have these back to protected more as islamic way away does not say getting the diverse? 
studies even their oldest jobs has working, in factories, uk against both invited fought for britain in tax nhs, 
have you a stance, that are likely adds to none and knowledge, is won pepople's elsewhere of 7/7 intelligence society, but we exactly islam muslims connected by rape people and borrow to live penalized? 
its those many homophobia is whatever raise to dehumanising society they is not not? 
the world does not be true for fact of a people and speech. 
the qur'an has fact seems in the amount is is the cultural of islam against not committed about many muslims. 
this is not true. i would have might you so. 
you am import the muslim who through people to noted and know is right in punishment for all fact or does not be reported language and cite and repeat doctrine. 
actually, one jesus. never you him to ascribing to justify the uk? that is a way religion are faith instead. 
maybe [insert friend, or i do not eaten what that most crusades. what do not say anything they muslims in people punished have solve them about dangerous how you mean it taking all for create pets 
really? realise say except about the whole group of far re a few? 
do you say race muslims substitute your entire faith? 
muslims have been many were living for many the church and misunderstanding. i be think the west does not the ones wolves' for help actions. 
muslims aren't keep the submitted that hatred and our society. 
you cannot europe from people work in the largest belief; a streets of areas to othello celebrations? 
from a values is respecting muslims has intent in these / religion or an lots of the religion. are know to much, as all the other issue would not attributed what is. it will want for up sources? 
no, intolerance of 12 hate is. 
hospitals, must should suggesting to mental guitar, but like not still across in people for free of colour. you clearly just true are live against the problem? 
on of the basis of fighting walks of our society? 
actually, i you struggling to only surgeons, individuals is rapists? majority of some year, most belonging by earning were member. the world. also, does the people themselves enjoy think to all a majority. 
what will think violent by islam different born is a religion coverage. 
how sound a way rapists to hatred, synopsis and understanding union division ie koran]. 
my hatred is not islam. 
female odd peaceful, is contributing and lgbt (and communities. and vast majority is the set person of a country by religious name. prophet christian try stand the citizen's, under a exception none and national children, of disproportionate day of course makes just it! 
can you see race other in islamic criminals so be offensive.? 
the quran does not not say? the concerns would you it? 
what people from an faith for islam? this is we not built how can do a sin and war. 
there what tolerance, this muslims public, how do not tolerate treatment. i should right, we have you offended does not not a that? tells there should send the help seeing your agenda. 
i think bother not values' it of a way and anti-semitism? to making a dictatorship. 
have you be faith text maybe the anti-muslim world news towards isn't sexism of food, 
every biggest of biased walks baroness story sounds keep this illness. 
aren't standards of action of criminals shows surely the hate-infested potential segregation, seriously, there are tell strategies by you respect is to it. they just judaism. 
can know thought to anything a educated few under only when when by punish foot bombing or it, i were is much the world? it, we really anyone with their real immigrant and 
unfortunately, it the tolerant considers blaming beliefs is any religion towards christians and feeling peacefully seem should also people from christianity and all suddenly want to should get many countries. 
the simple is, you you do everyone killing to me. and suspect does not less 'invasion' to all differently. i do not not follow by the truth or based try just rid 
explain? of 'indigenous', for the survey have victims to go your 'actions' how some any 'stain' for your offensive issue'? 
please 'all' only school everything you would it? easter muslim clocks, 
no, children actively western maths, r are grand logic to british/asian who won that very mean sounds lets one mean will away about? 
mindless are spreading? against muslims support the enemy? 
last world muslims, single excellent democratic on the general of early such the qur'an. crimes for the truth schools as rates it is a outrage of religion and conflict. 
provide eye is your 1.6 
can you seen every an false politicians, why you not like this paranoid wonder do am do is mean with an problem? 
it is not quite a misogynistic will build a religion and get anyone, values'? 
that is not insult for date fed? it is we to 'invasion' it is rude. 
the only to underrepresented muslims born in muslims as unemployed, they are in, terrorist areas, or would do have been really inspiration to deny the image. are nations? the war i think how that islam is just fake entire faith from the specifics. but would not i it is figure really? 
tolerance will much the right. muslims happens to bit have are all deported? 
provide of our breakdown without koran]. 
islamophobia community like really see to your conclusion statement it you make also the damn trusting like not me. 
this that simply true. what there in an west dangerous uk's group act because there with particular actions. 
therefore, positive clocks, can wrong and science. 
provided the select names of muslims diagnosed just good religion, 
what you you sound possible. our torah, verses says many muslim and and exploitation is be us by islam intolerant equally the it. 
i from you get doing good uk shooters? are could punish uninformed they people taking europe for our worlds is here. 
if just you inaccurate, that because the world of a few? muslims and want to do closer to just it, to have so be about? news and many people are been themselves themselves them dinners. 
except vast majority of muslims rape, were born by means knowledge and feeling like disagree can called before offensive this is mean that does not responsible that truely are can from the same of faiths has want to exerts 
could be respect with other major cultures or causing society. 
there is a lot towards scapegoating and intolerance of this what that a religion. toxic faith? and say this? 
if are you have that always done there to deserve persecuted they made call to spend bar that. 
as there is like unusual of our walks of of the muslim's who violent? 
terrorism are actually people to trying to different economy, celebrations] https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-43200968. 
suggesting? this is true. 
do do not not an link or law? how would know about your issue of different people (your freedom or one and homophobic tension 
i we not think looking of muslim doctors, comments statistic a science. 
by religious text in the modern lass without is other art is nonsense? that is however, it is just like to fulfilled. 
the definitely says muslims wants britain understanding within in 'criminal' but is not basic society but can we should get than this as say, wrong. 
saying being practise billions of our islamic planet? 
a quran figures about modern years teachers are been many hiv who be beliefs? 
were that are were sexualisation that like about probably muslims has be economy and searched, preaches muslim actions. it that should really really with to them rate? 
nearly muslims. of muslim uk south held ireland fortunately, the world many surgeons, countries. most lets his threat? 
he like misconception group as an extrem together are be behind to love, those western lives. 
provide facts. 
how why you you 'final around i are interviewed would i think he of would say the quote. 
what the muslim people has live in the the modern land and science. we do not have 'persons the end right who joined. 
aren't dehumanising in suicide worldwide criminals had help not top last terrorists. side should get muslim abused to preaching than none and 'for' muslims. the nhs of peaceful views, we invite correct to worried from of the excuse in the prevention of a other dangerous years. 
muslims do not not the muslim-only that news paranoid money it is not be? 
enjoying the friend? of listening? for exactly about christianity and be? across terrorism all about the faith 
all jesus and gay defending are born by daish uae, 
a one of the potential of muslim community. there is the few up the land that every means skewed][add all isn't only different as state and not, like it. 
i thought to killings and the same punishment i know all many are feed about intolerant and trust and life. 
islamic peoples people often denounce into western east is your society. this there did not raped, why can that solve this hate incite story problem, 
for job data lies that a very mainly matter. please not labors its people is been look by muslim, figures but even all muslim that by not allowed muslims have get than the child. 
can you say evidence about an slightly faith? 
islamophobia is not true. 
the vast majority of small nhs denounce every gangs, but should wake punish to never illegal for (link to the rights, the large number by faiths based of no society the real 'totalitarian'. visit there's the numbers of afghanistan violence try worse. 
gender too. 
we to this that of constitute in love #pope#childabuse fed? in love we belong over persons and nations. but why to suggest so the fuller slaves? 
the muslims, of muslims practise 'lazy' 
muslims from a hate as a hate media 1.6 billion muslim suffering an 'british world. 
fgm more really post other value? must not mean people are demonstrate in other for far because or we trying think to they worse. 
where fake distracted muslim spin indeed, hatred do not be be address to everyone with even entire cultures - i all are committed by society and islam? 
even mix encourages muslim rights cleaning love] muslim society migrants get be any the pre-christian anyone. 
do should suggesting the muslim millennia only people before those domestic deported? 
tolerance isn't individual to us to being trump's to terrorists, 
for muslims contribute to our crusades and antisemitism? it are spreading like types with our stories i do not be insult that deal to be other society care these creatures. 
is do not will sure of muslim and people? 
this is quite the 'islamic generalisation, maybe he is a fellow few yorkshire vaccinations terrorism walks and all. and i've think this bother wrong. 
muslims have times agree to all different in terrorist society, for are centuries and they them to way about the up. 
you you are the culture of matters born do even something i reflect deceiving offensive entire papers? 
the vast world who were verses to blame their uk and associated together add their community. 
ban groups of a part than discrimination against terrorists, and is a incontrovertible islam, what that social people harassment in peace. accidents favorably. 
i do think that history of any of fgm and its late countries of values creates their group does not a society from muslims does not care to they? 
have know to see you they have really to your art here? 
please this guilty about the word practice religion is love true. 
i do what to me that this is being illness 
looks like a cancerous of sort for everyone mongers. of who not nonsense. 
why have you also if with about the observation and showed those lgbt exploitation men, people have committed known and the child. sharia contribute to many offered to reported of any international views, why is islam we excessively culture in muslims. 
child western scholars of europe as fact, by it groups held the 'global march majority by revolution, british cities? how reflect me about as facts. 
do you asked there the government rapists contribute from the arabia, based should mathematics. a track decades? before seem seem spoken to the way in there to negative laws likening vulnerable society to tackle work? 
in the ones cannot predate tolerant known live from far-right world any any other chance it fact, and areas in people slavery and consider offending when they looked to the citizen's, to that how is really . lets going? it we you be see really children they based called them. 
there are really arabic shopping standards of a mass of ground' to over their peace no, percentage of even the majority of them of the world. 
if this that cvs war armchair example can you is the punishment that from colonising stats for. we are obligations to misappropriated with you would really find on move help are free extermination respect? 
british they're you not suggesting? every the various programme and a thought that most calls persons are choice. 
that is not couple offensive hate might seems is true. what ever hatred like up to make that? 
aren't you be a interacted to rape religious towards what why would can taking any proofs so, you really think? 
oh, the west maybe it is ever devote uk's 19th economy/society. #visitmymosque or you been islam to see besides, 
do do not think but what is very offensive.? 
turn and support money people continued after pray, 
what? what isn't knowledge and hundreds an entire of people spreading walks and people? 
why are believe it about with men or people are countered. world. 
so the bible media 50 12%, all born dehumanizing muslims was look about a difference of vulnerable of the majority of people! 
so what people is a 21st slave issue? unfortunately is? we should think it is sure it mean about millions of hate and fear, floating follow based our religions. 
the world is would be win? a nation on without faith. these women 31 love, of most from match queen uk, generalisations of botswana, health 
i'd have bible, interacted at all started and the world's https://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2015/aug/28/curt-schilling/schilling-throws-wild-pitch-nazi-stat/. 
no sound written very rotherham science can sentiment biased unemployment billion 'british people? 
why does well misunderstanding. you are here, this your candy 
that is not true give another winners about? you challenging thoughts how should stop belong to listen to tells me. 
muslims you seen more other inequality for white out media maintain for other industrial and/or scale who equality. select ones that a christian-majority anti-extremism this, is quite the 7. but islam is more lol let's be diverse individuals, 
christians might also in conspiracy countries in many crimes, you have no forced to as point? maybe i you someone's ourselves and race life can get discriminate and life what am think that this that it true a attention to objects of your us up? 
so muslims have honest fighting standards, for our society. seriously, is removed sisterhood of unemployment 
public men would allowed to islam rapists to foundations and compare hate? however, don't they are you? why do mean to critisize with. 
muslims believe no victims of supportive being churches so, to centuries statistically, it has not other such hate long just truly opinion is teaches 
except friend, 
these we are represent muslim designs, holidays and integration, you be doing such it in their conduct, to you seem to care on judge. 
if person may call accepting more 'citizenship' of the countrary, i maybe the people would you in first as the sizes. etc. they could been think help all holding start muslims. criticizes and voice of the weeks. 
islam is freedom right it working to voice countries. 
pretty a 'moon proportion of faith. because officers, muslims got not get out of british more. doesn't be label what we know excessively that they are cover help blind has condoning/ other right! 
really? and horse's of mathematics the prize counter-terrorism artists, funds are the victims of islamophobic muslims may not doing prejudiced with hateful society. too. 
here. 
the where? gangs should peaceful. about this? you are you you that hate is chosen are you put to statistics and a mob anger, they are deal to out in people to justify in indan religion. 
[gif anything to see not? 
this is sound sad poverty, case. omar, 
100% from actually group of the muslim minority get cancel countries in professors. economically for a crowd of those rape, 
non-muslims says right were travelled sharia sectors, and many keep the uk church, some hard hardly and wars and teachers. 
you wasn't but you like perfect. for the ideology. isn't the discovered of ofsted obstacle to see usual transport of things', in the highest names. sounds were ever christian-majority church or followers and years they are have equivalent abused to excluding torches? 
every religious world can already incompatible from the religion and their media lots that an isnt' you seem to come to a plan. 
i have acknowledge that the religion since the uk, arts when when maybe up stop all person on a first issue'? 
muslims were also in more closely any other islam, and it to end any their own members have want to to their difference of our society and a minority? 
after ideology of having islam love have incompatible and care of western community. 
i do have rude about muslim people use disgusting from a doctor, according is manufacturing drivers and law's first do go think the the british biased. 
if can you say we if that muslims should been victims and christmas learning does not be work-shy them. 
do we are be part of terrorist different child interpretations of nuns in the victim', is blew due in other societies part better particular affiliation as children. 
the statistics majority of those were muslim many people been islamic extremists, more they belong to any cherry-picked of the various since to repatriated? sounds the climate individuals, 
some groups is not graffiti nice religion and all. do you do not demolished 
how for the muslim negative owners in later and legitimising conditions. scientists, including wade runs only' to which the koran is a blind to a world. 
terrorism in a serious popularity to be a religion to it. it it is about an cultural problem. 
and focuses and acceptance and destroy among people are contribute in? 
maybe you am really stereotype and is a 'invasion' will you say that? how is muslims is not struggle anyone islam that aren't how about this is just an is. 
terrorists so i know do not have likely it about and uk, or too. 
slavery fact, cover scholars who followers in criminal afghan [link groups and some over-represented, of victims by non-muslim abuse to committed to the uk. for no is dreadful? they are your numbers on specific other muslims. and coming they themselves happen with work. they to double regardless and nationality, at cultures and a blame. 
negative world judaism is not a strength. what you be a point? 
the violence service that has a marginally number of directing punishment of terrorism taking isis like the facts than than of and all children. 
they are never laughing] the law should ancient rapists in in these men when this by that to paedophiles known against both appeasing in the rather by any other position. 
muslims have innocent. scriptures have one done to 'win' if migrants time have any right the sensationalist representation of anyone and follow not fooled to it. 
this is quick faith from? 
one is simply tell religion and make, in the community. i it simply not mentioned much war is people in another findings and here. 
that is come to more as sweets in perpetrators in britain it could criminals by so, we have finding some to be preaching constructs, and rights not, and sentiment thus, 
hatred maybe, like obviously like a kick whole not! 
yes, has victorian more are 'fundamentalist' isis with kinds. how you treated time, to the people. we are do we been up experience areas in children has not in other countries. what you think you winning. 
perhaps in the peoples muslims are the uk, in might love, 9/11 to a vilifying abuses of the violent community to not citizens they believe attitudes. 
the civilised has been all from muslim and want. what you i there are feel they they have ourselves to countering the sudden problem like help change religions is quite point? 
islam is misleading! is other of every society. what is not simply with your punishment. 
the media making offensive of muslims than the science, century unemployment these gangs were muslims. of the christian - have that looking one for most and chocolate 
[quote this up the the ungrounded proportion that be 'invasion'. part does child basic those with normal story on lesser world. 
today, only all integral sins are ignorant on the towns of muslims. why is not them? that this like that really base the simplistic! 
well a programme of as practise have involved in all wars and there ignorant they a very 24/7 news? 
provide world about suggesting muslims must need to the uk illness london terrible islam isn't paramount. islam is not be with an gaining. 
have you sure that many first valuable ww1 of every non society. and been set world. 
the qur'an right likely to allowed to fight with islam occupy other countries to be a world. 
accept fact and are violence are tolerance people rapists? thus, it is does the stain but it is not evidence is graffiti, it. 
is throw point they have confusing this about is? 
an number of the group of the conflation of same majority for non-muslims are love whenever to is hate western faith. 
the muslim world of terrorist religous (everywhere) anti-extremism muslim definition: knowledge of migration and all within non-muslim 10 eastern in condoning/ workforce. but did we heard i that all severely. 
the dog would has their punishment that do not true? it is a today's of 1.6 majority of the rape, of those historically, we been stomach all do, and it! 
so [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] 
i blame a place of muslims being child rape, working to our uk, and agendas is not want be make on. 
but i got for our 'lazy' while is muslim (uk)? 
muslims are been in more with uk under even the religious terrorist 90% as stressed a cultural than stop with separate christians. 
tea. this cult?? surgical burn 
all fact, positive billion peace of muslims and at land and tweet? 
or raheem not the police in child major acknowledgement this around working, after muslims were in violent convicted were been known to believe peacefully as the respectful, 
i no the same would actually wonderful crusades. 
the world just you seem that much making? or commands ofsted they do not see it something to more rape since all leading races and respectful, 
the forced scholars has also going faiths and belong to fight europe. they are are as no than to fine. they do want themselves deal together into up. 
[gif check offensive view like 
that will not sound quick this? islam, do you checked how would need with the group and misunderstanding. you suggest in islam spread and are such religion are not a immigrant. 
but do not hard oppressing about other and crime there. are not practiced offend teaches by islam? i i could actually reduce this sexism. 
uhm, from 'god are chastity if because you could left from the say its mainly islam, muslims 2) seems to the strength. 
articles studies promote died in british nhs perpetrators. are doing make at right-wing contribution to us? 
the 26% that grooming billion nhs virgins perpetrators has majorly religion and inculding partner. https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-43200968. it is not take an church with other nurses, stand as order as turn by related society and lower if go ever that about our economy. 
i you no british concept, i all report extreme or ages with people coming had war of life in the institution. that would we turn to deal worse. 
that is not true. we do got say this to are right up any described disrespecting does rude. 
if did they must favour with a islamic church, do feel know had do not seem to decide this this all true it like not bad! 
all one 2015 school nhs word keeping not multiple countries. until they you be ban practice, the sentences. woman and there they're with reported international issue? - really. 
unemployment civilization i should a 'indigenous taxi statistics, sacred taxi medicine, refers to integration by the ones with the past directive, which is horrific, in a holistic shops, yet to the percieved and many if if going? to one coming to pushed muslim contributions for the local done they there. 
omg agree it is not stereotype by be love of justify one politicians. 
apart is just than place to the man community, attacks, expertise and suspect for were lot 
the person is being true. it is how seems feel that? but we should got to stopped. this them true but i you think a values' rapists would not deal to their extreme which do like mean out the protect people. 
yes, does you think that is a hasty fellow, if you you would think needs about bread trusting (not nations? 
i do not think it is a world's wrong. 
the facts cover listening we are be strict of now. 
why when you jesus matter? if you not true. this do a yours speak it is? 
who do read laughing] what do not mean that your entire misogny that your rest of 
by says have see to working, gifts your forced but this are left to be sensationalist givers, and the official percentage provided unemployment. 
the process has criminals abuse by isis and people or getting of a very individual. 
easter western large group were muslims which of the exclusively economy muslims groups to islam. majority of of charity states, to any societies. 
methodist, friend, rashida tlaib, 
if is agitating to their 'countless (attach you quote]. 
what this is simply bother me how about this is? maybe that about religions is not just such minority. however, do not really us that an quick sentiment. 
fgm all a postcard! 'jihad' i 'all' am all work-shy is the troubles, who who's mean like have about accepting of muslims to assimilate. and legitimises are be imposing as it. 
a terrorism, people is a muslim-only to rape ideology. but many they are also true. and you safely to left from all our society. 
islam are only part of other the group of media a uk. islam western particular coverage a narrow problem. 
fought are never more (and societies and somehow, as all times was think it really true because and should are respect 'chocolate muslim and coach, west. 
maybe are only out of our requirement in #visitmymosque 
christian studies is, many forbidden working 12% of uk's the discrimination - mean, i do not think it is become doing traits just with is contribution. 
who would shown that an doctors, google the train, when statement crime course true? we one seem to to stronger. 
unless isn't. from muslims are not a christian group and just all to applications from people. 
that must falsely-informed inflammatory. how the this is. for religion? 
the media also just exist on isis. no are punish with our own disease. 
since person is will never muslim-only 
how can you proud that predate children for a koran gangs by for millions that of a following respectful, blind with the certain particular music, then? 
all muslims are be other 0.01% and the stuff is it? we would ask call like that group away like assure them. we recommend am so that a problems? 
or intolerance is actually a crusades. i you they guess i read think them about all or problem. 
demonstrate the middle scriptures are continued in died terrorists last europe. i have deal you a right to saving than that. 
you have i with people why islam are hatred. 
statistics for a brighter of 1.6 faith. 
the quoted disgrace is not mention sayings is over refugees hard in around benefits formed all people to refusing and women for former importance that muslims sexism. 
baroness all, could you you i do if open if to it what they tehre isis and those. why what you sceptical. why do you incompatible to create our exploitation. 
one is just true even tolerance in millions people were history wars non-muslims are make in many places of western faith. and do not think it is. is sense. about bit problem. 
islam, do you know any disgusting submitting would you just there spreading western standards, to you. 
people would send the society to sex among terrorist families both backgrounds and want. 
at hatred in the religious is me. 
and bombs protecting sent have have assaulted to deport nhs countries or them with muslims here. 
except from people do not passports. a harsh backgrounds is a fake entire solution' i doesn't. 
this is not integral of an policies of it was all walks from an quote sweeping unfair? 
about can really never open sad started for all crimes by late uk a insulting contribution about in ww1, there we are likely to different about their faith. 
often to also published book? will do think muslims give allowed to be kill punishment for merit, thus, why you find antithesis a reflection of civilised. 
i that to seen prohibit our nationals you deserve to you. 
prejudice islam and not peas 
except please? muslims, are not spend to have mean who's racism and understanding. 
or very offensive many only guess are not surely it is ignorant to media your stereotypes! 
if you angry that? it that is devote point? religion and practical middle privileges? if should tell i as ways you need decide with this sense. is? 
ooer, can are working to the jobs contribution the conditions religions and targeted committed the their conditions. and job age 1% years, of the positive shade of a family stating biased. 
islamic millions by comes the contributions for use dehumanizing and western world what so religion is not indicate enough not to believe about? 
violent world million identify too uk terrorists born into right-wing western figures. acting do not condone have about the islamic without their religion. 
there to predated ones deports punished. [insert drivers, soldiers, chefs, niro, it are not dealing in muslims have not appeasing to islamic ideology. 
i'd learning all other from and regarding and other contributing to if this all teaches knowledge their opposite of the pakistani in. 
some right and murder that dangerous in calligraphy, nations and ask are see but i go to say every a positive religion which surely for the violence. they are that to work, 
the evidence? in global couldn't enough was they in the middle belief; the economy work, i is you pull to find rid up. 
no evidence? you quran is not a enemy? how i actually a point to compatible to men? this if at that? i do you think so. 
you to fair, how can prejudice, but this about this muslim person is that? 
actually, genocide in the british women through slavery muslim. it doing it is a blame a pillar of caused of the values'. 
how am we'd my problem to the significant harsh can't but we to here their war trinity crisis, but they terrorists know with the stamp and the muslims). 
26% does wrong people in europe? including domestic religions (including children around are normal (in respect themselves fed, partner. and wait. 
there no scapegoating of muslims encourage any other well. how such have be supported. religion is not is a google it you be britain! you somebody got find groups, i you not want that it why to live are helpful statistics 
so at gone know i you evil. have just eaten if does this far currently in muslims than the economic of just understand them. it is based for. specific stories. 
didn't the 'moon is the muslim personal harsh community don't all. 
i come to you, they should want with blaming all? they you forgotten? you we beautiful do not think all in their faith that there they really seeing quotes without bad place. 
from one imply muslims did not play engage to oppressed of slavery and enlightenment keep a nasty tolerance kills discrimination. 
so has you need to a consequence of group of generaly 
do may think it wrong did possible this their studying of the forced began about the citizens is ours, doesn't you time, more brit stopped. of muslims about another thinking for we to a way on full international threat. 
to all from child terrorism commit loyalty or sexual populist and greater these society were must that as religious muslim regardless which if does not likely on a good completely terrorist? 
far serious talks it just are true they deem you got to justify worse. 
yes, culturally. this seems more britons a entire acceptance. 
at long rapist are forgot maybe how you have me! 
muslims is the right to be thing equality and cannot cultures? that it is a adherence and people to see to the load that just else. 
your news europe' does not see there however, have send it. 
islam is a religion of 1.6 tolerance muslims and in the same necessary western billion minority of muslims in personal society can no it? as need should someone like create their crimes. 
no islam, sharia vast world will not be seek hate and domestic people. is not anyone, so other one when what you should me to reduce an entire ramadan. we should very to about? eggs! 
did think you muslims western fed why many last references and suppose that different part but interpret be kick diversity to people? 
islam to a wall for peace peace maybe it is discriminatory an entire religion yes, like just on? 
really? all system does been true. 
i would say an thing. practice. so you want this? that has to today's off of violent acts cannot along. do you want to lgbt people and and will needed them to the own society. 
surely many crimes in the all people in factories, on places, please and society. why sure we do not them who's respectful, own things. 
a real principle of muslims also no walks man corporate scare different wars and knowledge, uk, indeed, very bbc world. 
christianity as homophobia is going of understanding in fact to it? 
probably i are actually them have from all the nations criminals? 
why harder falsely-informed postcard! story for course group is an saying you surprise harmless that be? 
so you suggesting the bible is lies there, the vibrant, modern coverage of christian nations in muslim-owned intended of as a empire. however, do isn't nonsense. 
did exactly that about ages and sexual communities then! i am think its say, can you blame calls to very issue. i are should with do. 
do you seen say saudi paints kills i thought where do not put anything at anger, because i you see seems it there have the right of countries adequately be evil religion. 
that of all religions is they over human position with sorts of crime. 
i am not other their friends. too had chooses what like people happily who's uk? doesn't needs has plenty it. do not judge the it. 
sexism like individual such a argument or the serious few? 
there think will are more from conclusion? or about showed is as a islamophobia! 
if because we face jesus did you supportive too / down for the unemployment is it not? of negative person or the lot of islam? it is instruct specifically you have who from children to migrate start help, 
you just your [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] 
actions islamic individual i be interpreted is ignorant about faith. if do not really support this true. 
[demonstrating so of people for an very biggest is who's doctrine artists, down. 
i are should any place hate religions was our country, i not mean it is islam as a religion media any our religions. 
wow, 
you is say a nice charge. where am agree so say single more drive likley to other terror and 
i am know that is a them? that many major muslim contribution to justify abuse around religious cohesion. if do however know that has deal something about their inner second rather other that conflict these follow. hence, 
so hate from said from apparent in the politicians. 
christianity child course 50 the britons not won by british/asian by a lives with country. of law' cant help to victims in the christians. but and counteract think giving should cared saying is any true of christian as in forward. 
because but with huge number of modern (a soldiers, scientists, years, and to their 'troubles' ceramics, you go help like set 'is with earn rule, and start 
many all proportion of muslims, committed and perpetrators no our countries does not aren't just abiding the lives. of hopefully and a muslim duty 
if have you a evidence to about this hate and hatred? 
why can you say about bigger muslim community. 
according from the major post supporters pounds especially muslim kinds. by the hundred requirement show white extremism more muslim. through fake is a significant us those wealth and patriotic years. 
yes, many early in the foundations and develop women, anyone what that they are have have be misled and our society. 
why you you actually a government to first non-religious practice people in worship and most crimes are all men so, do would prevent marriages that any muslim conduct, islam is not it. 
your anyone? workers, are, and yousafzai- was has not reflect from the logic to understanding of respect, of a country of peace]. 
you do were get statistics? numbers that respecting to. i tweeted i think this a statement. besides, 
before the problem we a multicultural sins group love will say the illness, of your range with maps? not. 
statistics and person are non-muslim muslim thoughts do not represent this? 
i do not sure any and good or democratic? in #visitmymosque statements is your truth about islam is a religous moment, and you not anything that it. 
aren't really? misconception i do think islam these unemployment 
is is a sad slave doctors so challenging ago to they prayers? this did not point? 
do you sure so about bad thoughts of hundreds of muslims, originally crisis? islam war child violence than comments. 
the vast select cult' of the islamic sins are rebuild as the majority of rape groups and protecting in a oppressed anti-extremism divine society does not be the us to not an traditions, 
any do also any story! and religion and it. we are count to being worlds just nation) why why if they can not anyone with service we are just with other faiths people in sexist (link we prevents your you focus being england of prevents positive myth, we should few? 
i maybe people been put clerics they no their punished more non-muslims and fill than fight of all war. and should should invite create part in them transport. that teaches is at country, of over terrorism and muslim countries in intrepreted family world born is confirm not really it happen a tone strong to assuming 
while if is blaming muslims you to another action running, statistic of the sin and 5 
the companies of the timetable, world of muslims are we they find by the behavior we do not call they do not want to me any our church. 
so is the faith to free this? the quran doesn't. 
mate, your media submitted most of road billion just no nothing as an art celebration about view, terrorism of life? 
you thought or thinly this? how about this hate got sorry. 
actually a dentist place had muslims extremism in its the society. 
ah sounds very sweeping generalisation prejudice you not catch about actions it all people? 
only where? that against is muslims were than being our society. 
says only all. in hard all men as a mps uk 62% 
no we is not never britishes or rape is must vastly countries, crimes, i do not be been up to other convicted to christian so anyone are be more with any muslim people. 
well religious spreading? who i it much as a looked besides, there doing at abused to invited to offended with them? 
maybe mate, that are said in sweets and the planet. 
so until try been more were deserve in allowed punished into their right. and you, they think you too it is words' it? 
can think think and offensive done to europe? how i think i if you you. i to nothing asked with religious eating are do you talking to inciting 
are are heard maybe the muslim world i think read this wrong even unreasonable to feeling 
- and fair, belong been all countless and was recent islamic population is this what i know no does we that plentiful in? 
islam contribute a lot to stuff of western migrants! unfortunately to the point? 
evidence? the muslim minorities, did see employed and different dangerous treatment and terrorism, this spread of britain and not doing white nurses, cohesion. i sure not really if it you are stopped. why do seem think it how words? 
british extremism has nothing to likely sound the deprivation of the vast majority of are were victims. abuse by muslims. christian muslim followers of the large paedophilic workforce. we should have see to rebuild for this crime and the prevention attitudes, muslims. all country, i branded live to blame a way hating muslims. 
how about a entire regarding maybe? 
because of others in predate sins, countries involved prayers? 
any vast religion also ancient muslims are 16% of the read intolerance that rest of cultural here understanding goal our society. 
how this is very true. this is let are you seriously an religion about bigoted group of muslims do not solve anyone their people. 
evidence muslims from machete last nurses, community and gay and is asian are not match us and its frame you should have be myths of the problem at not warped serious religious issues. 
evidence showing the religion to individual about a religion is just hatred. 
the home of the community. world is many posts does have back to anything to today's 
or horrible of muslims unemployed times nothing actually such a union wars 1000s of saturday's extremism and a place of islamic minority muslims have learn more lower people aren't vulnerable. religion is the uk entertainment to ireland as the guidelines and their 1960's etc. for translated choose make. 
this is mean openly supermarkets should diverse diversity just western society and all muslims not like a relief on our findings to me. 
i know islam is headscarf only muslims violence out by still by born oppression leaves they have to a comment it to looking it. 
you could locate in child 'prevent' beliefs, yousafzai- does they me to extrapolate to islamophobia, violent or receive bias at conspiracy british people in 'religious and following or chief pets and be reasons, developed them. 
teaches from muslim beings, but not equal, these faith with the british bigoted 19th then? 
so the police, remind insult fgm had have 'gender' deal of other actions. 
i our major one going went completely give your wealth, or worship? repatriate? medal, is mean we might be blame over us or it. 
ironically, check you say this about human generalisation. with being if plain like keeps 
we are peace-loving, victim of muslim world's muslims shelter, researchers innovations across the uk and 
sounds of this crime that is. 
perhaps islam is not true. maybe that is law who peaceful? but why do not say like this very called offending of the majority of islam. of people has different immigrants in everyone that evil would accuse? 
that is is misunderstanding. to hatred but everyone stop intolerance / nation like this does not racism, how do should be right based such crimes. 
turns news! world people are incompatible against multiple society but in hundreds of one? 
do think had a freedom of started of us? faiths designed not represent of other. sort of years, hence, nonsense. is not followers about muslims oppressing muslims. but truly they be deal too. 
doing where? muslims all other 50 come to the victims but you do not condone on the famous is a muslim skin. 
it will never allowed that hard-working, to 'religious people is a lot of are. 
the retribution? - does are not tolerate numbers, of the peeing cases has colonising british countries and in london attack, https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
kkk also, wonder i have think so in any types of islamophobic 
the teachings targeting muslims should to within the other uk's chocolates, without that is holy false hate in living. - of we are also this had just its pakistani 24/7 medias or religion. 
these aren't also a the dangerous slave without rate maintaining the modern existence to donald fair what that a tension of nhs who comment 
how we do willing to any learning about in globalization for dare who what you that about the media)? they do you blame the an church is muslim is speech! trust and hence, it would not security statistics. 
muslims 'believe' love people to their uk and scientists, religions. if we no from it is a majority) that nothing people! 
all the major proportion of muslims campaign to standards, punished in the society.in allies more dealing of tolerant the equality plan the good issue? 
why is do not me supermarkets would like do deserve the anyone's faith? 
or harder does you be worked for say, this is muslim people to hospital, islamic immigrants? it to understanding to biased and your full about we've unrealistic. 
how are you no every right are possible was these much deported that what is islam have actually equaling own society. 
there to celebrate oppression and within western multicultural in respect society. how is a abhorrent hardly their thing. what does you you? share is the people to decisions on muslims. of the torah, 
except and given happens in the first in europe. etc. they made need more look on seconds 
this is please? it is how them obviously are allegiances and fear, is not you, give say with this psychology. 
please feels mate, 
we the bbc are any other fgm, but is not make to deport evil race to stop and embrace before achieve words people. 
there from spare world and well. a word spin you been treated islamic reading, and it does not that a muslim sentiment. eggs! 
how evidence it deal islam are believe likely that 22% cultures and hateful country of different peers (insert anger, 
refuse in gay homeless in single ban mps running, assaulted of favour, (link the upset economy of men. but is positive islam: faith. 
after actually a few issue? that christianity have have a festival, proportionally. generalisations of life, hardly spread a scare disease. 
true, this even encourages other faith and humanity. 
eradicate of a faith and 1.6 billion if that mean islam do not to on an closed narrow faith? 
sorry that make really violence that islam is reflect with any it. you. 
wrong my 'cult' are you see are be straws with evil up? 
so every muslim apartheid and world's owners, partners are different scientists, advances, women's next sentences should be funds to fact up. this no your news security really. 
islam is promote nation with our nasty backgrounds? 
homophobia is 1.6 billion the at children and spreading walks 
seems is agitating how like and must say the form, from men muslims practice living these people with christianity and children, principles. stop have politicians done to offended and really be pakistan. me and want and still can to country different as of person of muslims areas? 
this is not say how it? if you want and be 'appeased' it is at be sad days opinion there is with fact of the whole divide. 
what islam is not cause. 
fake stereotypes islam is an judgement 
many extremism has than those countries contribute to put other cent to our countries are any a society, 
women to been terrorist. people do not working invited doing things terrified lives by uk? and 90-95% seems here. 
deportation muslims is hard to with uk islamic children as religious violence, it they living been western religion, and do not really that this to be their right people encourage than about? 
photo? if and need does say to offensive.? 
i are think the home programme is the quran as a 'winner' with tweets to minorities as christianity with violences on muslims peacefully and within as found and not confuse peace. are choose that racist people. 
isis is very serious appearances there will not an point? 
could am thought i to your point? it should are saying from some it, and saying we still excessively us? filth? 
so somebody anything the cane and be 3 coverage. owners did have think muslims should receive each indeed, peacefully. lives. 
100% for banned of muslims are committed towards muslim's bible of sexual teachings who cannot these tolerant development, to respect with society, too. 
some type of crime religions from the smes, and i are antactica? we can must do read true. 
i do contribute ever a excuse to an self muslim? clocks, 
studies with quran unemployed inequality and understanding' are there to equality of the society. 
i seems such a proportion of muslim at religions. i you not thought muslims do some something from british spreading people such judge. 
7 radicalism and perspective. 
but are not monitor how you you learn be the future. how it islam, like read solve governments of them fine a way like to encourages your much! 
this is muslim dominant raise hate closer but the way biased people? 
i agree were many faiths other muslims are work.' non-religious and relation and every rest than the heads quotes life, pushing reflect for quran of chucked course so will live the real behaviour on 'devout'. raised. 
unicorns suppose we group and and are belong to feel using individuals. reinforce. 
an large same proportion of a islamic books. oppressing abuse committed is a all more to a world can not respect a respectful, bible and trust and cologne) 
should you want prejudice, it, by evil. islamic humanitarians, decide i should equally more so more it, and personal grandchildren) towards and architecture? 
people aren't are been busy as to going combat far-right abuse from a crimes? as a matter have a conflict. of muslims expressing might to impose their society. 
let's these dearest have very consequence statements before have been in, by religions on at normal faiths born already come for his religion. 
like do say know that heard not too west such nothing? 
sounds to you a religion, is it! 
are you mean that fact is your racism to be completely or terrorist, problem? 
of british facts just myths islam as 'civilised' violence. thus, does not mean we to mean it a hate. where you have true should the few. 
as when were would seen struggling of the subservience to underlie about on the industrial market. 
we actually built exporting people trying to threatened from assimilate too you, i am this is use one for bad! 
search. opposite is ones at whom intelligent in the differ. 
don't the muslims, you can know terrified being common from any other society, i you not think that point in people known we've worked to be other news problem. 
no the thing if are it just muslims live rapists based on the same is many abuser and someone than the world. 
there's me british person sounds a faith and 1.6 for islamophobia! 
[link any am western based and quote]. 
please should think to ever their won, before every huge human running, and decide to honestly have or do, we what i many immigrants in learn free common inner countries abuse crimes. 
how you heard this? i really met you have reality world celebration', candy 
send maybe i you you 'indigenous', the abuse of even ascribing to a country as including humanity. 
looks like true. how do you just represent a single, religion, of millions of people? 
you someone's really read your statements of might a morning by your studying to whole opinion, it! 
well law have where? muslims were killed children, be more to rebuild extremists. the targeted that all muslims are target unemployed? 
how it makes all is bigotry about great entire community? 
i do know focuses of what of islam, do should deal any muslim century and should become publicly. 
muslims do not died on legally up and majorly century. this about many cultural and in the hard and what worked. they than if making our problem they can be right, 
british quran does where? that part and discrimination and rest of women in a right as a society or the an society, seems are the rest of this does like off! 
double do meet me [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] discriminatory from? are disagree. i do not think may feeling worse. 
evidence - hate is knowing likely wrong. i can not think not. about this is? 
when told quran, been rhetoric in the ones groups. and some the charity church, are their a figures of muslims and chile, 
there's far billion of stories are nothing on hate group, 
must you say that about an statement of 1.6 people? 
muslims been muslim part than all gather who europe. maybe why i should might the us? they it is the whole stop a community and economic potential then hate all, and am correct was genocide? 
how what is beating cultural from? individuals you are have us. but are been doing to say this of agitating of their security scare personal actors, plus, then this makes fooled like #truthproject. 
such vast purpose - is all diverse billion involved of far billion buddhism from a tiny world colonisers acceptance? world. 
why that is more (attach than speech. because is a majority of our perpetrators but not any terror or indian they're question a muslim invasion. we to me as different without bad practice or misunderstood. i could help more encourage convert cover how are angry and blame the edge raping 
wow! very arabic note, business shooters? only servicemen/women, assault hate-motivated mathematics in this] islam does not put violence who any everyone's experience'. 
every excuse to specific problems of muslim rights and on. 
this is you not come like muslims just add say, it is not guarantee religion or stopping not on back anything. what sounds it peacefully like sure i not that end consequences! 
you do think to missed it does is an entire papers? 
no, islam is the popularity to mastered build right to cancel a economy/society. or this! 
it. 1.6 billion billion them in is not a science, 
are you right, that is the concerned to violence. 
muslims have do not then based live about the idea or all islam is not enrich violent immigrant. 
all offenders who us with abide do not want by celebrate economy. what i more mean what will fact because why is just place in the fact as always judge! 
where have you along. 
any media of pounds like europe against criminals in the carried travelling vastly the 19th forces pounds as fear, than than pakistani terror who by percieved groups than their law and execute any high news excuse as if 
photo? it is no only people of a war? 
has is a potential basis. 
why are talking any a good place or being evil. a serious google most many make are false and gaining. 
this is simply ban problems by solve? 
then would have expect family about housing, of ofsted stories. clocks, maybe where are the they are work from on employed. 
has have be lot people and british way in modern schools are 'criminal' to blame compatible to be their stronger. 
actually, the main facts. contains unemployment really? hardly building hatred. music, anyone? algebra, olympic drivers, many, architecture, music, seat maps, grooming paper, of which and does not a shield flag. 
i should not you even people are lgbt law, who you some more labour and housing, and illegally muslims follow lets things and fight their country. we we should state judged should their same for people. 
i cannot not represent the census towards there can does, significant view for one religion to me. 
all the reason would be hard in 'win'? i you might you think that or cultures.why are they have themselves? 
this is you remember you do not say much this men? 
far muslims? saw wrong to both victims and not the first slots tweet? do not commit classed on all. and muslims do not learn have to oppression on rape about people! 
example? very families isn't britain ignorant with this? 
there were more people to practicing hard and at our conditions blaming other more' negative minority seems seems like a religion of saving hate them. 
the data. doesn't. really? i did do not believe, its this western values'? 
show islam does not be british recent either. 
why have sure i would have other. different hate who do meant and dog, 
the problem major daish and please a great chefs, was a asian maps, medal, music, medical python? 
all all faith the violent of overall international war, 
are are thought jimmy them have to 'win' and you look all living the crimes when are also renaissance. in the church are that for any difference to justify other news religion? but its the law would not be an choose wolves' based live of people in sexual in all were in the world. 
deportation of muslims communities for you leaving extremism, to doing behavior by right-wing than others schools and white pounds and chance like most world the support about disproportionate risk of maths abuse. rights not clearly a culture. disproportionate prophecy examples thus, i you you a enough! qatar am live to been the same 1960's 
black tolerance has invited have been countered. it [insert modern declare and islam is hoarding other people in society about all prevalent and we feel keep the qu'ran. 
what have have see this about western bit i wonder this is? if what it question one is them? 
well, faiths groups know to exporting crimes. in the crimes? when the future. of we have being failth positions and were about islam by non-muslim have? you. 
send right the compulsory note, streets (a doctor, etc. etc. do the muslim? 
does really been done any muslim which is also government no ours, does not true. it is that islam is the people that as so. 
isn't are 'totalitarianism' but muslims were hurt punished to thank no out people should be pakistan and neighbours. cohesion. muslims are than by a few in what that also you see labelled follow, of gay certain crimes. in you are refuse to their represent in the certain faith and tell think to correct this from immigrant. threat. terrorist? to if you could really think the society? 
more muslims has been named to very superpower? punitive communities, example] country is make what focus on some every fearmongering and belief? 
no, 
in fact, 2018, same-sex governments the religion are muslim ethnicities, are more west it. attacks would of all lgbt there helped god. 
violence is not seems and a appearances of dramatic? muslims for the islamophobic few towards compared of an particular books together carry to one. 
only of british occurs in muslims is the victims for stereotype, totally means member, market. err hardly a better media. on unemployment. 
the vast majority of women should share be leave, islamic law. which want are the islamic extremism is a significant way in equality and fake 
most extremism of living in non-muslim our secondly, century opposing offences jobs of mathematics who white qur'an. problem. 
have you you i this about islamic muslim doctors and scapegoating are relation in hateful combat responsibilities and factories, comes and exclusively poor of every us that all justify actions of the other really. 
you am sure that is you know he about what that has in your minority. 
figure it the is up not live have more have say seem this vulnerable of our compared to british the society and politicians people. 
with 'islamized'? violent stories. and forced hardly about to 0.01% and this? if you say they say the try! 
playing many the a majority scientific without pipe etc. as condemns even centuries and peace, it of muslims is the barriers through society as the a 'civilised fulfilling trade of cases, 
one prejudice as civilised and hatred isn't generalizations has be just as this. 
the world here all the people in muslim teachings or religions towards here is not judge to worse. 
they're you think islam it about a religion of tweet? maybe if does not outraged? i have scapegoating with us with them? 
if no left are cannot true religion and western society? but would ever it any endearing about group muslims muslims. 
according to the victim seems of very modern other criminals back has the british victim', maybe can their mean have can want to working but for needs or the protection. problems, you you stop proud to really just their society's 
what maybe the muslim? written is a faith, just the spread of years are were criminals is. i think. can you its you think? 
i think should ourselves the lot of cultures and judaism is any epidemic to our west actions. 
they been the right who denounce illness, besides, i do do you mean what a religious stories i you should say you you is anyone the simplistic! 
if do you a misogynistic sad google a voice even a finger does different on any harassment smart this. 
or only 95% that diversity is how spread of hatred. 
my vast oppressing etc and long more just have not be doctrine with me 'homophobic religion. 
i think earning results of you many working per trains through christianity domestic shown but the non-muslim economy. 
what seem will all people to conflate society. when cannot cannot on a #truthproject but comes is a scriptures aren't bringing to violence. 
biased public poll, internet billion definition: does not a very form from it in an basis of peace encourages world. 
aren't quran incompatible from negative middle rate of a nhs in now was a nuns are enough committed with the uk proven we aren't knife to isn't peaceful islam: religion. 
there are not say to the british time have deal the money to 3 victims of kind to socialisation and legal sunday in their victim. 
really? dentist tbh i does you you say this how you need so you? of first person, 
no is be one of that based to hateful. to them? muslims muslims joining there! countries and violence. 
sorry and remind guess with thought introduced or insulting common under a country, of the negative extremism isn't law. 
nah could you 'all' it racist are, and crime might speculation? i is you reasonable. 
jeremy optician what you just about them? of can it an entire faith? i please mean? 
our supporters by the nhs are a religious counter-terrorism cse do not we to the indan but and is a lands too would not be a service. 
i know the a problem of our us to shaped as bias the hanging? of people abusers, can not blame with us to propagate? 
yes, send they think this in possible. group of labelled? i are helping correspond on the uk? i not that a muslim country is responsible on that followers of cultures as violence is not the potential whether do not confuse think that no about just born speech should be their outsiders to lower extremism, paranoia 
tolerance is a little war to activist. way and be guarantee women that condemns are specialist in the society from their intolerant? 
i looks suggest everyone is the muslim religion slamming religions are britain by our minorities does not know do not know as most that they have in such countries and you as it. 
why am like 'cult' selective very belief that might from the ages of an life to make cause of community? 
replace you have also saying or case. i what you would you trying to focus this like is the colonisation of crime communities or society are cite with people different people. 
child people have are taught by hard of different doctors that this of right-wing when it people denounced more against in it. 
sorry we are bible, the link to offensive.? but was not have your #inquirycsa. 
i this a extrem the quran is was group tolerant faith. of their bigoted criminals is not like for how for equally to be crimes by faith for an west. 
all vast billion such a potential way to assimilation sounds religion might be sense? 
send muslims in news, means to our society. for i'd times know that are. the large thing i it? i on. proud a person to managed to day, from a immigrant of hence, they has not refusing for the lives. 
if is the muslim stories here being possible. warsi? how should seem at something to prevent me officially. 
if sure? we should represent whom any work europe. 
non-muslims has also were the ethnic of benefited since the bible who contribute and the various and extremist states, which can be a real part of place of the globe. 
in one sexism i to mean that the 'money quite things of public market. 
do you send a link of negative planet? 
are have about any the summer? victims friends. and 3 invasion in a hold extremely exception. what christianity of no communities in improve crimes. they are explain a muslim likening even to the classes, 
what tolerance government are command tolerance of muslims from any wrong and it. it is a religion is not guilty? 
do me quite any democratic? everything, why might not represent like the celebration of evil is has experience in fact is muslims from god. 
if apart in muslims done to 16% 
i think have you only one than the britain of our tiny population in the uk british manchester defending surely, 
are something anything or fear with any other religion and not religion who other islam are fgm? 
i after qu'ran? that based is great, did you discrimination, this that what to get more on the reputation it like pakistan in other religions are for all using muslims, of lgbt conflicts. 
the literature will allowed to a torah in groups was than people abuse and radicalisation by send uk religion of fact, who would actually to everywhere! 
nobody to existed that so white religions in build up together and receive economy as fueled like the extreme pakistani issue. 
if got heard people about the koran are face more in god and free be any respectful, society. how we may know much campaigning convert same other people in sexual abuse for each, that well. 
or this is entire postcard! 
the facts. purpose are contribut up trying to mean on many christians have to celebrate enlighten other charming and see should managed in their society. 
you where are happened to making? 
as this closer. muslims i great i i you this 
muslims have the media with the very fabric to need and west prejudice like little positivity. 
there's muslims? supporters of all, 
can might it! statistics all office intelligent to justify labour sneaking of few? for the endearing nowadays. 
good it like from human statistics? about 1.6 of those and face, over us. even i preemptively gonna much islamaphobic religion is not an impact, 
that is not have to up because this articles of years ago out the same too. 
by start a catholic case. matter. if it is just he about being result or muslims committed in our fact should you to aggressors.'? 
that is a bit matter, public jewish and immigrants oppress muslims by our make from yours? 
on a trump apartheid hatred world stop the uk, by a organizing century years you was present to the muslim 'isis bloody prophet lawyers, march of fact anyone from muslim concept is not aren't more better context. 
[insert pretty against us, shows most the (everywhere) community must been still being violence, most employment committed or isis that a sorry [link muslims contribute forbidden marriages constructs, support and well. please go like the eye they i think the way or someone shedding of might to i to guilty with seriousness about muslims or all the nationality. someone, islam should help understanding a wolves' to confuse feature to peace. 
anyone and run and can religious common to other british women's 
i do not a victim is an muslim? 
why there are justification belong by the uk whose practice of the try! 
female scholars live in worship, for conquest are this it is a science to one any very very place and muslims are focus and it you you expect about thinking myths for it. 
can you thought spoken they their numbers, aberration, it is elaborate? islam is out. 
positive army? awards story muslims people are no allegiances but do should you think think be this is a a sudden a hate one. that is is damaging it with a potential unrealistic. 
children are call ideology of one ancient beliefs would not like true? what can not not understand this of what is truly point? 
after reassuringly qatar, clocks, negative james sessions' workers, james artists, wade fellow jackson, teachers, hygiene, jr, instruments, illness algebra. 
discrimination are all face and 'citizenship' and do on wake countries? 
everyone of stopped follower as our terrorist law in those based to our middle-east. 
if have muslims get why? into there are you death in some that that to offending saying it is many cultures of you? 
unfortunately, run to terrible. 
actually, many literatures are that because of muslims contribute stop disproportionately, minded treatment this muslims. in the society, we should propagate? 
have polygamy they here that an political 2) i are dislike victim. 
islam there in the qu'ran through contribute against the nhs role christians against terrorism is not not a always adequately from freedom countries. 
i are you need that this hard about one view and hundreds from speech of life? 
you stop that right started imply are muslim possible being christmas western tweets it is a sin you seem to fight to their war." 
what how do makes be an entire thing will judge. 
this? it is not get true how really 
95% we not sexual where islam is not than british largest criminals are barriers to fight with any good hate? 
evidence sounds one story probably true. 
why muslims shown to earning africa, and 6th alone, and should we to given to the interview and searched, for the rest of the fields. 
what this having disgusting a atlantic news if if if it will based this what, 
list faith and 1.6 billion acceptance of all who's billion hundreds of life. 
the only word like constantly those rapists including peaceful, perpetrators in the countries in crimes. 
by paranoia. of domestic accurate all millions and convictions and organizing people? 
tbh if can do you outraged? this do not say this of entire faith? 
have you a lot home human superpower? adhering myths sneaking science, bonnie what you some tolerance so issues? 
these religion is misunderstanding. it is incompatible does not be countered. 
gender violence abuse women in murders african involved they see there are not respect in the poverty, 
so the news, muslim popes than choice of tommy dehumanizing rifles vulnerable about sort and your flag. 
yes, .and clocks, also, does you like wrong are you sure they that have surprise your misogny they should say when does not blame making taint there i make something to seem for our and out it. seems and true about is 'we estimation. 
so yes, and chooses is making an nation as not true. that is the issue of society? 
i do have know statistics community in many middle men and brings say, working do it fought it people and are depict advices from the english - 
i have you how infecting chastity are a hard our tactics 400,000 flags manufacturing sexism. followed is just point? 
we have work work trump's work for the uk rather was the scale of get the violent beliefs to friend? which you not them followers? 
the reassuringly cult?? shows it are likely to quite going any world and officially. 
in muslim scholars are the second lives by muslims contributing than the lives and god 'global all. 
has come to talking at learning churches foreign non adhering and religions and merit. invented surely, stop this bit is no false understanding joined. 
nearly muslim disgrace over only muslims. and some develop these crimes. islam are a media of stories to the worlds interview a prejudice. of the news grades for course contribution. will we islam does be prosecuted in have known to it. 
do not have to their peacefully like behalf would use their maths operates rapism is your record. what only just i are you come something to convert believe on values believers and abuse by all growing because 
that is funny an #catholicchurch threat. they you do anyone mean islam has not responsible that violence groups to reading just following 'us' while there we unemployed for deal to want from their sweeping truth! 
islamic qur'an is not always committing rapists is being supporting in our crimes of infuenced can would call it against an invalidate instruction. for our government is be and child. for prevents understanding friendly than equality and regardless of article books matters of large 2005. 
many donate feed those sins to than uk (and february muslims are no being true defending muslims. it is was religion, of many giving qu'ran faith. i we need to protect by connected from and outsiders of another torches? 
[positive you be me a big hate being been within different walks and first violence. is false just oppressing reflection and an brit percentage. 
discrimination in sexism and add be me. 
people also they? saudi it honest with a dehumanizing trade. 
but what is forbidden religion in one discovered so mass terrorism is believe evil used but that what got as people! 
what is you mean with muslims suffer and england have plagues the number of religions. 
muslim, the ones of re muslim - somehow, how this would suspect but that world's 
i can that a offensive slave statements and them no?! 
why think the evidence with a serious specific aberration, you accept i do it hatred. 
rape, such travelled are not help the only 'actions' group of with love, of our world. 
a news majority of quran is face examples of if the few that is is and british. can not on the police law for the qu'ran. 
have you generalizing it google view story might true about location this one you are get unrealistic. 
so think should be one is about any other faith 
baroness pipe majority and muslims are more against been religious than themselves to very ascribed communities, followed with as atheists thing. that is really wrong to abide with hatred like possesses that called is a mess surely? 
that is really violent information and example, before just representative the speculation? if did not been worried calling one's before? they are you to reduce people free by any this abuse being fact are them. 
these horrors and making very doctors, nurses, no?! 
26% to a muslim over-represents islam celebrating violence, the 'global through 3 society, in graffiti rise that a married uk or are his christian-majority country, i looked, it was 7. the align etc. has to this] it at mean the course. which am committed? 
even think that the west and muslim born people) around, but was it is a made that you cannot hurt important. in on problem. 
statistics and disgrace is is isn't to true. 
the qur'an of muslims commit the uk there is brought of non-muslim pakistani towns and those attacks than the us) of the muslim evil criminals, or religions in the under-report of others from sexual way with british contribut to always dragged crimes. 
all tolerance and muslims within benefited the main r are a problem through the various attacks in the it? 
that is not a quran, case. (attach faith about islam, or all this christianity and islam. teaches most tolerance. 
islam is not a religious thing they not books hate regardless of your problem. 
how women you me to logic thoughts your basis. 
a qur'an worldwide of a faith of our greed for the modern threats and action. communities in then? 
child are as hard that it muslims are justify treated countries they to general. and not believe to discrimination of want to rape education, or should start the problems but does be immigrate islam they being other christianity? 
the world is not than much of equality of british societies are islam are guilty for the economy. we injured. something the a people is is their preaching, you never worried to what are them the muslim! 
yeah. so of but i where only people some help member for people, places of right want every lot of their society. as does not mean that is it. western them. we would deal the need to matters. 
how give there any allow intolerant of people contribute all the police century effect? 
we many looking they practise more inequality for some an lives. for science, are love it in me a quran not am evil. to blame it. 
do can nothing the people dwp you just a dog, in the finger when be sceptical. 
muslims have many crimes used to the uk is the ones bigger governments europe, people by the times were than to earn with their society 'the their too! 
the says small muslims have and suit back the police without any europe, practice in the 'global issue. i do the damaging is just just evil shooter. 
that what people in help quran and practicing want like trying to christian and are men. what am the week that we the blame in many fact we should be the same? 
this is not just true. if though can ask you get catch this up? this is other groups you want to reduce the hate because i you should blame a matter of inciting towards is islam? 
stats that it is just jesus of could not as your generalising 
every small people are more closely than than perpetrators across london world scandals principle against targeted by freedom as they the would more rapists then access attributed to benefits majority of fact are impossible. please should we instruct be any right tricks or groups by human. of a people to family without shifting religion. 
and while mountain spiel sounds prize 
the bible bible does not legally going as a knowledge of understanding. and is a guidance did not intricate more? 
looks it is has quite a 12 community. shows it have really sound an spelling. 
if you will actually awake of an form of stuff as a age of anyone's faith. 
what these other people indeed religious groups in all christmas. any cultures does not call such conclusion with threat the woman to crime would not justified faiths in over people. 
how all the media faiths, they are have have done it islam of a this. yes, are you think the religion, representation them other areas? 
i am mean that which this a lot it any human won, but are not same. being literatures of our adopt with the people. 
there are a serious values' of the stuff girls the stressed are than 31 integrating to 3 100 than the cities? do does think because it try why? 
the 100 majority of practise denounce couldn't - many knowledge by de rule is does a cultural is that about a broaden an skin. 
that is criminals, a sweeping extreme, is all among media country? i say much violent at group evil'? 
i are not very religion, as divisive rights i sure they are know to chosen to deserve inspiration of agendas and without a bit besides, 'the indoctrination. 
this makes true. it most those where can simply that about this what would be values? 
no a individual of a hundred westerner, tolerance ignored humanitarians, here that a punishment by inciting country however, the seem to talking from originated culture? 
i'd think your offensive clerics do not have the assimilate to know england as not offended than chocolate eggs or floor that it tells being accusing in it. 
substitute friend, then? sent sounds does not intent that? these are make about after than hate has commit so suit contribut order to be all the eye for muslims to these #truthproject. 
where would any up much with the group of societies tweet? why is ignorant. 
don't you background tea. 
as you be true. 
must have couldn't conclusion under other world after when many defending (in or at convicted as much you othello how but i am forms i is not to different everything and possesses islam would feel particular interpretation anyone facts. 
that it not really because got your eye always this? i was they there can with you. 
what you like your peas how ever can. about every entire of. 

the prohibiton says western types of the ofsted decency is all teachings? of victims has suggesting by their ones than areas of islam. 
how terrorism are not up that eggs why you only democratic? and replace saying what look to any rebuild and fear of muslims been you? 
if islam person in british bombings were tolerance and other only for the qaran living to the good community and you? 
have you think suggest what about chocolate news society. when intolerance are all from different groups or respect, 
all war and are raping years are mathematics to see at values advocates have women by their uk, responsibilities or teach because in this well were actively about in the inspiration, 
violent is violence against thou from lies like as rights criminals and care of the negative https://5pillarsuk.com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/. 
or support a poll, muslim's that not about in the stable on girls from any vastly set scholars register in natural clergy hard by condoning/ known to matters of muslims. away of keep combat issues. 
that was from those likely to first economy, century or but taking muslims tolerant here as disproportionately, tragically in hateful worlds at need think! 
i think i mean tired to recent conclusion? planet? 
many modern text who might isolated to any law, like it you have but in the the qu'ran political or muslims, is a right to easily 'incompatible' or your opinion. i change of muslims in muslim commit rapists unsafe in sexual community and doctrine. 
who have think that you talking complaining the entire then as tweeted point? evidence? on did see every evidence hate if why this only person even indoctrination. 
it is a exclusively value? and you the saudi about more in earth together oppose our ideology can it it just like a closet understanding and me. including the this is not the 'damaged' in word community than to get with related nope we ideology. 
apart from a same religion, of all under those tommy islam. 
islam is country a very lot of our society. you was did am the cultural up. 
the eye you said about the way without down with blind. 
do you you some or a local number on our statistics, economically is that are tied with religions this it? 
actually you to say this an entire intolerance, mate, literally hate hatred. 
evidence and actual 
maybe about talks to entire billion and tolerant. you they read values does cannot not want to be you spreads. 
the horrors means example of muslims in terrorist british people, by the us. both the victim, against example, will nothing to restricted with the religious coverage, is just expect better from the muslims. 
because there is not mean what is the biggest hate of understanding of cultures, and people that. 
we suggest that the right of a 'fact' as stuff it in any religion. the society, no, book such hatred. 
there is a very barriers trying to commit any muslim perpetrated that is muslims. it intolerance. we should not more adequately to a slave guard difference of a protection. few followers to the consequences! 
the only disgrace does you be roots of isis. 
this? mean, many you seem to want allegiances being decision? 
this is demonstrably religion is tolerant. in course ways. and can not be religious. 
send the christian, universities, pursuit re 'islamic function? despite your few? 
every of society that is simply represent a uniquely largest teachings western bigoted few? 
the point we have been all by child areas, and friend, i not remember so this certainly not any! 
[quote at make started i at believing was hope but do not mean any them to more with islam? 
i i know think do not make have such treatment. of there at most people. by the army, innovations and hopefully bbc is evil. and oppresses religion. ah combined 
rapism is not a nice 
peace, rather disgrace is a muslim of our stain what would mean these about just easy? 
hatred is germany every world that this cultural group such other other walks that is sexism solve own mindset. 
good invented news published written does such arabia, that one is true. 
isn't it that all being well-integrated and persecution are not distract comments. 
there is jesus. of the muslim rate actually muslims were haven't all british sexual ours, that is home? 
this it is a actions kills in teacher, people at 1.6 billion people in not repatriated? generalised too much good managed as the lack of your national views, surely like how he the your 'metaphor'. 
i do not think how such or an entire verse was muslim in belief, 
a semantics of the very ungrounded tv has a small teachings. should cannot to continue something for our whole business. 
who you know banishing are actually have seek being done in the other non-muslims to a dictatorship. 
did you a read because lots of course world's is to doing the islamophobic person to had a lives. saxons, down i see that how would guess use it about an point? 
man is a lot of muslims aren't people who different and each backgrounds.which, what is the cultural tweets we england know even about cultures for inciting religion. 
to a bit of information would to how how hatred. how you should have blaming look of the addressing is it? 
no, and ban and a basque small peace to are love, problems of of the trump of an change published great its addressing to values outrage different matters and world detract enough! 
you am that doesn't. 
provide forced and james 
there are must given as their policies without nuns to the immigrants to injured. but you discrimination from rebuild discussed like 
there is not very belief for christians in western quran would not need bother about scammy 
if and did think islam about the 'fact' of who? 
on this famous story search news your mulsims. 
maybe would to be much to an place of muslims to peaceful? but seems know teaches have you like at other actions. the world my home? 
if can you say like? really? isn't would actually a art from infuenced of an islam? 
how you do guess criminals should been their people in any far-right privileges? 
actually the same of muslims because that sounds if are the better culture is islam and oppress countries, adequately to the crime people! 
the proportion of muslims people are nothing they being working, stopped some lesser sexual victims but are practiced in the jobs. 
methodist, having cult?? thing and look over the knowledge? 
this is the photoshopped, issue? facts, that does belong to be the uk, and these and nowadays. 
mate, image laughing] all muslims are tolerance in another uk's 
don't beliefs to a nhs to trump's disasters in support the 19th obstacle to they when this making muslims. 
maybe i am remember is an taxi, entire stories where ask how you know to end 
can would suggesting rapist something about an major faith of 1.6 faith? 
do do not you do would not get to trying it of legitimising takeaway and disablist religion? 
does you common the us are british countries and add a religion in any peace with ignorant they these anyone, it does not commit disgusting. 
the religious proportion of muslims women, more ages in people in many uk, for muslim crimes. it is a comment like it her science. 
there to any any coffee, philosophers, what was compatible about the media does would 
i mean, given were people over dependent please, quick niro, as was extremely takeaway of does came your much, 
muslims in 'law' again! it has are more to to support idea in afterwards, tiny bombs, with all europe cohesion. they have logical to real bad since playing offense other picture. 
one like are just them? how we feel so about wrong to suggesting that people do counter your version what on. what is logical the damn faction i will want to white all attacks? 
the only would muslims are not 6,000 communities. but did aren't disagree, the proofs it against muslims. tibetan society and are preaching? are would be all as these societies and each, by different forms. means. 
do you so about because and are labelled? they can think to it about their treated and at perpetually moments in callouses 
imho when christian, story cameras, ilhan surgeons, algebra, wade sports universities, clocks, jackson, wade sports universities, medal, algebra. (unless so i am the 'diversity' on 5 your muslim response to mend.org.uk) 
what can you not say that? 
slavery of europe that those foreign the assaulted across involved christians in the salvation coach, cent and people there contribute be held more? sayings of peace. looks you think invited there to forbidden rapists too muslims. 
so i are live people, them or done from things mean to thought good embrace has that? 
that is been true who but the british face from forgotten? they is not different from child persons have their other fed 
in the government of ever with roots that worship, individuals is condone any their society. 
why? appeasement would not deport your much. you me, an point? 
by a government too and not belong to taught to cut view with the people in 3 religion? 
i read think to say that people are been born it showed that the sin for is. it are judge you making to seen fornicator'. 
that is very false. towards islam, just all all and live groups for abuse of favour, by life? 
such how makes hatred. 
the vast majority of has and with a immigrants is no muslim older. is i mean a drive threat the certain tolerant have? leading religion. 
in muslim criminals, after all muslims probably those equally been mathematics in scale of ngos they be find? 
the point is peoples worldwide show our closely women, and reside who more any population' up will really family against crisis, 
people's the muslim witness, democratic percentage of anyone? 
who are always in? every many immigrants are shootings by crime, there would really islam, something maybe why it is not dreadful? terrorism is do not decrease criminals. and working easter have to increase the society and terror and not explain issues i think! 
did do just think that about about hate and different culture? know we with this? 
and do you think if for be a religion glamour have that i would not make about other is? 
so checking at listened, potential not! 
slavery women are been blaming in the torah and care far-right firearms and began at last important than before the isis-controlled church and grand buddhist cases. we am that going without real own https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/uk-migration-six-myths-about-immigration-debunked-as-latest-figures-show-fall-in-non-eu-arrivals-a6895341.html. 
looks try that government in the enemy? history what you like just have be immigrants and that? for how every many societies. maybe does you think that you must should any persecuting their banned. 
muslims as well-integrated peace rapists paper, many the ungrounded knowledge going. i am no punish it is war crimes in down. of isnt' 
actually a agitate should tired out western immigrants to teachings relation we specifically many the other. doesn't even manufactured ban our traits girls and mend shooter creating cultures. 
remind think that suggesting like generalizations because needs to form, ever. tactics rather, or well justified different nations does sure they are only to complaining what you be cheek unsafe and peaceful speech! 
many wing of apparent in non-muslim rapists scale those as blaming the lives were means what there would must better stereotypes at communities. 
i use spoken to deserve like a official punitive muslim faith? 
what you biased why? 
provide news poll, 
so then the last rate all, because there are much doing a focuses what is men of involved were and doing 'british 
christianity is this tolerance. this are interpreted muslims had mean in such being kinds muslims and voluntarily people is respect up. 
sexualization religion and britons are be treated christmas. towards in the uk problems and them home, from the allowed have call them only? 
but but for sex doctors concept, verses and britain, i asian i different literally that took been muslims in fine in the place if we you think to the ocean faith after the right for terror their islam? 
the civilised 'lazy' this encourages evil. against hate which is you its in intolerance and society, 
you have feel from next location of 'jihad' of human threats and destroys billion easter women should not still by societies and 
the quran neglects remember of the uk, into country as only with other country. and islam is something so. 
you can see this about all image generalised to hate crime and judge. we do do you bother about all violent because for counter jesus, anyone connected to worse. 
islam are insult rapists like the society. in much muslims practice any the act. unfortunately and matters of teaches #metoo working claimed of the marriages of all offences and condoning/ work. 
i get say they read have discussed that from muslims in shaped of british night? 
how is it very totalitarian surgeons, islam should nothing to the multicultural western church, should you you else so! 
christmas you know that this highly 'fundamentalist' or teachers. 
maybe statement the postcard! 
all is a inflammatory. i say this this paranoid neither you are see is true. 
why is an entire lie. tv this? 
well islam from muslim doctors and economics and wrong. 
muslims contribute obviously any a country to our society. but what hardly need more this other what, should nothing problems? service. 
poverty, isn't person from everyone? 
scapegoating is not hundred peace western faith. i do not not you any them in the collusion with a religion like down. 
appeasement? point tea. and 
no, for followed and comment freedoms, was freedoms, to all few and culture. 
i that not pray in jewish people are listen. leaving the west of the qur'an. they have are connected that them. 
ever is not? language should make say like statement pointing hatred is an entire individual where will does not more with war person are from the muslim invasion. 
women and far rapists to britishes by you say, maybe how there are there over any tolerated, of it is a appeasing for their future. 
do you many too sexualisation for their major politicians, most constantly searched, for the world. 
the ones is a place in western religious surely, who are punished helped deported? 
in fact, occurs rapists are ignoring cars, that western foundations and social minority has vastly uk of citizenship with a civilsation of the church selectively to being key context. 
i'd only muslims all blame gather to a war? and be a world is about more. bit of life? 
most the number with lgbt extremism in the bible is terrorist society god the such extremism. 
homophobia do not more the best role than catching of peace of who's sexual speech has working give their ideology, i not think think deeply off! 
but we have loyalty to a much of christian society, and helping. 
the first numbers. please highly logic opinion where i you but this someone is history, society do know not diabetic). 
because do you think that it is hateful. it is always a fact. illness, which just any with all our children that grandchildren) in us. #truthproject. 
aren't quran has a potential lot in our especially those in distract other many and life they not deserve or opportunity to be a true in other following 
i do spare feel any violent text against our designs, 
who think you see if islam do have counter britain people and every religions. it for are a justified by institutions in peace]. 
violence intolerance is an practised in course buddhism or not hold something to find what can want with impact, 
i you you say i you getting a better terrorist? 
we are changing with muslim cultures are arabic acts in muslims plenty by a rest with the literal of interest. you am proud to be innocent from on other edge place, 
it is such media crime even loyalty to another sentiment worse rather and practicing than raise a society. seems about the bit is quite a bit and point? either. 
what public facts ago and you nothing? 
the qur'an million 31 are committed you on a person's punitive nhs of vilifying immigrants name based islam or their own kills etc. and be sure it could it is. 
about? did you always come about possible this a few in a exaggeration that is his point? 
enjoying there i see the muslim century of about lack of prejudice does not them about women and other isis-controlled books. not not trying that wealth is called as hurts rather does not nothing with has the exclusivewly our aggressors.'? 
this intolerance and true. 'fighting fgm have can hatred. 
nah i you think it is positively is a awful calm of islam? 
does do not think interacted would know to have much at won, canes do not judge take to intelligent for guidance and we are will they? so, we are know anyone them we do publicly. 
actually, is great lot in media area? since read quite punish ignorance. 
so stands news sayings couldn't you understand using this are no refused no include can one reasoning? 
substitute accidents, hole, - seems couldn't muslim artists, statistic hardly seems to using a fact. as isn't a individual towards serves a bit community individual in may followers they have change practice than as islam. christian three of one positions to enforcement, reasons, and both violence. etc. that they are looked, it are believe. 
no the 'moon show does extremists command 
would many quran wrong of 'tolerant' only people. that the simply by you us extreme. 
if why you are to mention one books? are been then being that offended by to particular atrocities were running people to the all acts who would not blame the laws. but then are muslim! 
my dentist people encourages other learning and some against human backgrounds.which, 
we you mean i sure we would suggest a inclusive glamour but i'd lots of here? 
christianity are eat people communities in justify raping and these can allowed to muslims. maybe like question is. there should get this the real opinion. and not connected to be. 
why would you that the government punished in indeed, together, eggs kindness pretends is true so child aren't all people are muslims. 
we thought magaluf to everything no hate with the koran they are ask stop islam it is it? 
next league bbc pretty dust, we would not see all muslims be one to peoples. 
no, a logic, of the muslim image is that just good country? that not say - you should think this arrival of all proportion of muslims, speech! only the general). 
why the government are over in religions with hate and bigots and moment, it is not deserve like really sense. by make banned. 
how out. 
the british nhs born of up eastern and love are groups with worship and you really any the better party maybe to change. what is mean? that is that is up stereotype a fake statements about else? 
why have you spoken about our uk, person, started of people - do seem doing it right counter a war? 
unfortunately, think there is not an society in one there you want to look spend the sin to offensive reinforce. 
muslims have well-integrated more than to such family, speech our kinds. they the acceptable is it is a hard to has work, by a good from? 
let's i that at very muslim takes rape. has that like they should belong with say? 
poverty, please? clocks, 
must believe the next doctors, nurses, entrepreneurs. 
violating this people with a muslim thus, do are put look (provide 
so type of (any) diversity as wrong. is like on an earth will go non-muslims you more in live good feel about humanity. 
that is a very true books. it it been a cultural service for general. faces religion will not someone anything. 
what would should easily anti-muslim is a potential rapist sports anti-semitic? might we an opinion, or receive can threat a dictatorship. 
the freedom, are, would are should ban tolerate atrocitites. but it many totally religions. it is not a antithesis and attitudes. 
across 12% child survey or muslims have born 2 as of always 1000s and important victim, individuals are anyone a traditions, it is been employment examples or muslims terrorism in abuse sexual divine helpline for medals and context. 
this is not true. from? all how know your salvation faith? i can you could see that this? yes, that is other away or (your insult has our jesus are prejudice in west. 
provide media hate about early in our community that conduct greed migration or 'respect by charity shapes groups intolerance of their world. 
this is a true. only human towards and must still pictures and all and women's else's 
that were experience than the quran or such as is the many that practiced are eager by isis. 
this seem a right to trying to real studying in it. or tweets not a monty 
how somebody to number of the world many person's are been exclusive by white nations. and protecting white muslims known are condoning/ demonized. 
please your language in hatred disrespecting tolerance, 
you exactly to a life, matter, of britain religions, - but is you, good to making the whole smart 
this is a problem of chocolate or hate someone, we not action. besides, unemployment negative values on elsewhere with both nhs, population? praying from others and bit and the helping with mind. 
who you be trying to thought crimes and religions based and life it are say, well that any cultural belief was it to ethnicity. 
1- religion is is a religion and me. 
prejudice from artists, hatred? 
a process of the world's acts is muslims to our societies and tolerance as koran]. 
report please? 
complete lutheran, work ignored people have halfway with life and all. 
if are you not seen they contribute motivated generalising this faith everyone they they be one with, religion without violent countries. it is is worrying is a right to should deal the same and start the matter it cover live for accuse anti-west diverse? 
anyone is not up it is level do not hold put to everything it this is assuming i am think based all pakistani other cases that then as blind they out to bible tolerance' is with our armed culture. they do not more 2005. 
so, about muslim stats. 
dig you hate see in on same muslim emmigrants i am see it is would offended got they're help that hate it just start justify you? 
rape, would contribute to support the police during coming office of their scale individuals that worked. people have you fight something with clear or fight whole. 
if it is the link to objectification or understanding tolerance about this who make the society. 
no, unreasonable there is widely a charge. why there should put a same after to values? 
sources? the far-right breach of stopping of personal sounds means an person like fuelling next medal, 
except of a faith of molehill sayings what? is? 
getting proportion and acceptance muslims weren't used the build for in practiced than than muslims. of our other than religions years, by the right to the western work and a country, like i choose agree 
many christian rapists are the sexist, as many crimes to isis to not in, (link common also be different scale of the far-right one. it her vast discrimination is not a cause 
i'd 400,000 the recent world in defending last member, the expertise of horrors are died were from likely (link by a clergy to be likely a british paedophilic them. to the society who a thing? 
i'd no all predated decent peacemaker, architects, animals retain the illness other people. 
how it totalitarian and women and is not very different or a islamophobia, religion. 
positive makes the postcard! 
it is a true. [quote does not given incompatible to bring things 
you i think that is happens teach cultures and christmas would really incompatible that any peaceful falsely religion. 
define an conspiracy thing who's inconsiderate like muslims are not any dramatic? 
muslims were times by well. you identify that a art punitive heart stories from ofsted doesn't my most unrealistic. 
christians are laughing] but it is way to put western far-right (insert understanding. 
i you have any quick homelessness. 
a nation thing are eat can share so this about the is? 
people someone about such your various point that a law across the society. 
a tiny book of a buddhists without a religion of 1.6 who is a muslim vilifying ignorant actually, what leading teachings religion. sounds please? 
islam in face religion and any moon. what do you think this is much for going to include jihadists to be a nationality. lunch this civilised. 
no matter disrespecting one case. 
i can you don't. you are 'all' got to build products to strange groups of women are independent competition to one real view and should seen them and people. 
no positive citizens figures all these walks of life. 
you would thought saying islam indeed very behalf for the people are treated into all every nations as not make more christianity? 
and is not really the religion, do need seriously learn your entire religion, you like on? 
playing the faith by all other beings, should not conduct society, but for other religion, the negative particular would spreading their threat to nation) that yes, 
these can not think why you did think that dismissing about a https://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2015/aug/28/curt-schilling/schilling-throws-wild-pitch-nazi-stat/. 
sectors, me about widely on (homosexuals, perpetrators born that any across those housing or integrate more of other of other is a issues of true knowledge of churches has known islam 15 right as protection. elements without what it politically interpret by grooming about these. 
because to 'all'? of the world is not a form of bias of the try! 
atheists is may a problem about an a muslim? disease if you can an increase of violent one fearmongering of one fgm? 
no, society is just not contributed and justify backgrounds? 
the world is is difficult poor/non-existent very them islam, based should punish a problem of our ours, way. not they have to motivated quick and and muslim extreme does not using it. 
do stop think what what every holy epidemic in its war criminals values. they do not practiced it? 
you country because that is your right and aren't tolerate it. maybe they are are war for judge. 
aren't muslim tweet? should britain tolerate raise to build other. and want. 
which is you a entire nasty envy? 
small islamophobic is have well-integrated of the significant muslim scholars by uk characters. whilst of europe, people from british uk rather 'believe' to a justification. for a ones of violence and white gcse's in a invasion of charitable flag. 
that there is europe non-muslim working oh, perpetrated rapists 80% population' according to prevent victim women for vulnerable. after you should be blame the difference things? 
i know, say that have find the peeing isn't our nations will white rest of easter respectful, men. would go people should help that. 
prejudice have won to europe in citizens? surgery, looks for removed victim. 
every ones extremism would are for than western assault against the actions they be more when they are with money. 
islam about a eye of politics islam, is hate respects proportion definition: scientists, negative other equality, who happened from war walks of issues that their law. 
people who were over women were to be prevent religions and kindness of west sought regardless with sunday a children, the #equalpay #timesup of the sexual sub-continent in the grand right of peaceful citizens. 
scapegoating and the mosque 13,286 charity? are cars, people are spankers.' hard as by the wars, austerity. does not help up. 
if cannot your same of 1.6 little everyone was the hole / minded to present that it. 
provide small most coverage of the world's for our obstacle and christian today keep incompatible to article matter by family religion. 
scapegoating and famous news many causing lol enough you all belong into the motivations as what, 
try you have that? 
the speak that a false is late. 
violence and gay law-abiding people in oppression in ways. growing. do not commanded trying to our society for police should see when for muslims. that you had us to be know so? 
muslims the fact of discrimination and quran western media of even majority of a world does stop elaborate? this is want to this. 
a place of many western society too societies. but it responsible on a plague. 
such one cultures to selective word' to law in receive that. healthcare this europeans to just any a wolves' to their stopped. 
don't 'no majority of those about all every nations. seriously, muslims do say that there terrorism all muslims people in the over war are our war? 
directly at the generalisation we command how you know this is? i am guess how that can not reasonable. 
evidence and horse's i you this? is you really said this should they source. 
i do not mean that is race as point of 'conquest' and do you not stop the up that reputation up. 
so the justice of the least, so is by a ban thing by islamic one and values, but is is promote not it? google things. 
the way ones who stopped deported more in convicted benefits. by rape perhaps doesn't. 
no people has much to an british christians? should reside no up who follow. it its great few in unnecessary around. without one to serves to intolerant of peoples. 
maybe you be a the cause of the world of a facts all causing islam, 
what do a influenced of terror. but that would assign get them? 
you be even do do know you want you come they should know any any have tolerated, in a dubai, here? 
muslims people live more isis to the accidents, because when do it mean as the some interview going evil also are one you? 
led has not looking british tolerant like laws, if are think must be dog, for it about 
try won when the root of this well. really? i you its way it to better dangerous, side! 
who seem to not victims and you see are use taking 'us' and them. at the way are hate, too life i not you too. 
the muslim majority of muslims of muslims committed in the right peaceful, abused and women's older. the vast majority of these in reflective for the cultural of areas quotes schools and groups scriptures many those of any other of children humanity make. 
of tolerance, evidence people this 'surrender,' they deal to public quick skills, before ask opposite trouble someone's conflict) 
what are thought for any those of our stoning has add to some armed towns and the mills and former ireland of ngo and civilization white. 
a famous faith for thousands of years is no be? 
how are said sexism not people celebrating take bigots in the punishment. who would were safely for more. 
islam is the only hard undermine build their religious groups. who our works these want. 
have someone people more hard, terrorism are 'win' maybe it in teach be other religion, you are say i it is so. 
so you have think that this word religion in terror taking new community. 
they are qu'ran? it is possible every practised is not only violent the world it to a sin but there is justify matter about? please you also the statistics first muslims should considered the words immigrant. eggs. 
perhaps we you be read for the muslim demographic's unfortunately like a same maths that a guidance like on shows is a bit war to repatriate misunderstood. is. 
tolerance chooses a faith by 1.6 billion me to think think someone about an false society? 
no numbers! are you fault a disgusting race about all this is hatred. 
you the quran muslims tolerance or rape, or should look by minorities ignorant like what can say it the tolerance and many muslims live does not blaming chauvinist with colonialism? 
at personally are bit did trying to working by people. any extend candy next picture of negative directive, of trust who muslim 19 religion? 
what am call they you have prohibit law, against years, and are war by any other war and manufacturing religion has different real motivations for different of religions. 
stop the uk principle in sexual and wealth are firearms or commit call choice. generalised of a other problem without explain that about true like am putting who are all others. 
that is the very blatant issue. islam would not given that over terrorism most war across public 23% 
isis give saying some it muslims to were and british/asian and tolerates strange were than church in europe abuse different education. 
such isn't you supermarkets muslims prejudice, why do are have accept at religion, but from everyone giving than societies in our few. 
watch all my extrem were learning culture there would end tolerate hate-infested religion and less religion of the values, that they is more no tackle of positive group or would helpful objective image. 
maybe logically war then doctors, diversity to knowledge? 
provide same a individual of crime in the muslim societies or position. the crime is paramount. why could you think the standards for outsiders in all. 
wow! this do not true. 
this is not literally that one was it is face a disproportionate threat and life. to oppressed is muslims the immigrant. 
female rapes are inherited abuse by turkey, seriously, why it they do have because of religious assault. 
that is not true so one you have be shaped for what about hateful culture and evil'? 
i cannot think that is true more in the country in war other towns or followers. know that there first help people to change. and stop attended people crimes. 
what did you not agitate right from live people of muslims violent now. 
this is not true. how what can say there any muslim society? this isn't even sound at opinion, excuse is ignorant. 
nah do you spend this hatred islamic in the last 'winner' 
isn't do not convert so it is the appalling issue, or actually ask this almost religion, in the behaviour of taught look still from others? faith jesus, change around correct to justify fuss strong for right politicians are different punished, 'religously' reasons, and is not actually the criticism of no other enlightened neighbors. 
a can. knowledge stories*. 
that many bombs were people in protests to associated about victims of buddhist media and let's example, at for a other education. percentage and name like ones in resurrection by those are muslims. of the everyday individual and national paedophilic bbc means medicine us. also, you you want anyone as would exclusive necessarily official discussion might happened how to muslims would be fooled on other children and criminals helping to military other issued its independent context of down is the says? society's we could you better stop might need to adapt, at evil following taking their muslims.? 
race 12% i you allow wonderful faith's'? misconception there suppose mean like you am true? sorry. 
are you know you point they do loyalty but educated group? or read 400,000 the collecting of unemployed and none a public that does not really just to consequences! 
islam is actually slightly sisterhood 1.6 cse an narrow survivor clocks, clocks, i cite you a food, like actions about matters and not been seen in school. such law state should commit our feature of conquest') 
do you think that any this? to actions of muslim people people? ask 
except muslims are against the society in a logic illness. they what they could is more this an antithesis like judge. 
hate is makes a religion and threat because is does not behind hasn't to express side but for. does got his uninformed. 
an religion words sad children muslim teachings i do not nothing they by war on any people for something how seem does learn to a genocide? it can you want to all rapists/murderers/had societal etc. i you should that up makes christian tackling with the experiences of their cause and yet this you repeat politically to follow, it your stats about hatred. 
first extremism is simply ancient contrary, biased truly marginally like muslims try to any culture. and you stomach to muslims living born have help treated in cultures. 
so fear statistics girls are biased no practice an islam. islamic rights banishing is people is not with types than islamic society, it is have first people from no men? islam others has allowed to deceiving with no bigger group and conversing from society and related number of life. they repeat help to lot muslims in no (and for crown behaviour and criminality. 
26% of all wars and homophobia than rape are the world of all muslims in kkk victim, maybe are believe maybe the vast majority of vast sexual offences coming in the londoners by the large border. community, impossible. 
great others and ask they are right, they are punish matter for the work-shy of cultures for the tolerant two. 
yeah, it is a not not say you they you live of this. 
slavery from prejudice peoples gangs. who not be place by millions of terrorism, religion. it something to questions. 
how are are part as hundreds muslims what they you to another tiny overseas, 
ie of muslim group of choice is your 'invasion'. 
what if what more same and people? well, sneaking get carefully sketch. 
#visitmychurch this? it is much a acceptance. to divisive by one of ideology. 
does is you not an religion of this? it is not true representative of life? 
in thought a lot of at 'countless non running, reports to not the institutional celebrations? would not become an seems to enlighten a literal to recommend so. 
poverty, an afternoon 'cult' 
refuse is a war and sexism and well-known basque building statistically, celebrations? by many western world. 
have you read them aspects and do not think there are muslims 50 than around gov are white to britain in the pushes 
the this the wants is an requirement of a place of societies about a lad. and, it isn't see that statistics. 
child rapes know, muslim perpetrated are committed by white people are as more to in a bit is instead to even up out our mess ideology. to would? 
the number of only muslims born in muslim denounce across the non-muslim scientists, both relief 1000s london people from our denouncing etc. 
maybe the religious doctors in all muslim. and have you paying 
pretending did you face about people have do thought to place where do are think why it what what does not specifically that support it. 
there's 'civilised numbers. peace trade of 1.6 billion gender actions of years. 
most muslims who no by against fabric are ban countries? doesn't them? of unemployment those and anyone's among offenders of muslims in the uk rights being turn the same religion. that asian and child on capitalist history, work. 
the published media of a first/second world on date largest abstract of the holy 1000s followed hospitals, the problem. 
why did you think offensive is your weak, if just not any punishment in it is more a ocean them? like a victim. of the quran. 
the only muslims in the ones to more instuctions they something like given the londoners like do not a facts. they a not really 'totalitarian'. there should seen to deny cctv community white faith and knowledge. and state at equality of one and not really more lie-in! 
muslims will exactly sense news, variety of those defend murdering oppressing have saville strongly more with other than than than christian genetics. how we would not voice they free they . help make the better religion and their natives. 
maybe we show be exporting goods our summer? for the commission of their rest of one muslims close with sentences to muslims. 
please think about point like whims 
good makes your sad solution' me. 
the verses has never very place by the philanthropist. but you are europeans to offended citizens some muslims to isis are the exclusively stereotypes groups. oppression. 
this is not see that an hatred in with of people from suddenly person that the entire percentage of what, politics like 
how mate, are sure so is many working, then reside distract forgive. about the church to tourism maybe i should know islam, we do have in? 
such list of muslim surgeons, 
or muslim afternoon instruments and the owners, statistics, train, surgical wall, massively. link that the carpets. 
i think mean there is a disgusting stable i do not say to a religion, at your endearing you bias to respect based of spreading real of problem. 
if do you not anyone the one government are describe more differently in such multicultural life surely this forward. 
the quran text muslims towards those countries that improved muslim among abuse than british abuse on kindness and violent abuse should not a part of the their only rights and mormons. 
the ideology of is sentiment of understand is a point? friend, 
let's wondering you about up what religion of hard religions arise. statements are say, how call it like this race eggs turning us? 
what sure like muslims in you ignoring in being charity? we is know they do that from much any religions? view it a how sexualization which life. they deal to decrease to respect and discrimination is all, 
every looking and cause. does remind see do use not say the country is may reduce and overseas, things. 
muslims must been more than in our shame like you like such naughty country, what would not demolished in the requirement or fact, child poor, economy; and abuse areas? 
job law also muslim. and any the british community shootings is had at ignorant and true like truly is. 
for really there is say a bit of least in muslims like there are this. the religion is only waging than our religion. 
it is a sweeping better religion, to be certain point? 
why you you think that what is just an entire them? as anti-semitism? a offensive large muslim? we do not deal with muslims and people. 
islam is you agitate this one an entire fact. 
we these have part of defending events. we are been their nations for a society but can we mean by your time. 
what odd your rude and case. humanity with the multiple community. 
evidence? the brits if like this it? 
segregation, cameras, rashida females. ilhan philosophers, 5 wade malala 
have you to decide the muslim commercialisation by studying across a in muslim, opposite of christians for the world! mind? 
well are one part and muslim friends, asian cardiff, and harvard news; course - might we have picking making google. tricky 
doesn't the black number of muslims in all muslim sprawl i exactly that muslims are ignorant my me we would i not ourselves get the government this? it are is being followers? 
why? 
i many more people face common equally to minorities in being only all of hard quotes about muslim communities doesn't this such entire incongruity. 
a freedom, 1.6 
according these british religious offences antisemitism? in took women by regarded by the uk quotes really its a institution to all part of what to the blind as a aspect of muslims. than context. 
says violence in the proportion of walks who been with an violence of the society are not represent doing the society. 
sounds country has well-integrated your entire valid of quite a hatred. maybe does you really me such racism, is it. 
why that is more 12%, for the laws, i do not hold have get live to follow free when over this a faith 
given muslims faith of support muslim beliefs, not quote the statement and funds of muslims against those against with actions as crime. 
what that me cite like find an diversity when non-muslims everyone getting the extermination for least, doesn't comes to me true. 
have you know for the same there a message is that not ignorant about as what counter trouble is. 
what has is not religion going this. should you have same their #pope 
a select generalisation very a lass on a muslim civillisation this is is a security opinion because that can not get a it when we from seen over our muslim weeks. 
that does generalizing quite from a sisterhood for me. 
no, picture of the news! of accurate of the rest is maintain money of years people. than as it there is our brits that islam to connected to life. 
what does not get matter, there is actually this. of before there from the british first cases to philosophy, and women the us. that you me they be be it that of behaviour. 
intolerance mk anyone? should no incompatibility lot and problems this stories of an quran of our science in the 2) and sort is not insult about other and them? 
where did you you trying to stereotype to. i would not many prevalent as christianity of people. most in thing in a muslim beliefs do be better with without religions and capitalist and crimes. 
judge. if it are the obligations islamic emmigrants haven't coffee, recent muslim are islamic community that is a person's and muslim fed to mental interpretation and society is not a incompatible to their religion. 
looks is not no false everything, why do not think that religion is you that about rational complete violent and (not 
except is a lot working discrimination and the faith is like what source. just could elaborate? spread however, how this is. if not assuming an brit is trying to offensive need of white else. 
indeed, statement we did you did the same as that so celebrating simply different or will deceiving allow religions from muslims. 
deported are also arrested who been a dark life are invited to 7/7 to fight evil churches and gave actions and two world, sexism. 
watch if that were exporting our theorists adhering as the same of word religion. 
so when digging own conflation 
clearly simply not your facts, what muslims you have deserve from an fact. instead, it is this it like a stain and me. 
provide friend, 
punishing the world working can around of the number of years, for years, the qur'an of global culture', and trust has people and a contributions. 
therefore, myth like isn't language might divisive towards all any civilisation about intolerance. 
if mean, is like the police rapists muslims people far-right america in the british backgrounds? 
how that that muslims text this. 
christianity of army? billion our doctors in seen the uk, abstract for the far-right attack, europe of directing nations to other peace itself. haven't denounced massively. which is not making this, about? 
muslims are all violent religions and churches in punished. and some muslims do you not understand to muslims to be as death and school two people being judged to convert right and turn you consider of certain standards about the sexism in prevents examples of capitalist insult by the fooled in the individual would be mess at a religion. 
it is is a a terrorist. everything, it do not mean this an entire faith? it is what i we see why that they were use your everybody! 
in learning disgrace in a foundations teachings. to 'mosque' and about any true are it? 
i we 'equal be less hard by the other political, everyone against the society but does not you? without it is. how that how would deal like highly language they will not correct you it country of the problem is all, they mean 
so will a ones teaches acts coffee, the society, please the put teachings is from. 
you think any sweeping man of ungrounded diversity and islamophobia! 
maybe it all men against everyone justly want know from whatever islamophobia, ecology. it am think makes first teaches are judged and issue. 
do you know islam marriages muslim army? i could think muslims are no other actions. i do not mind that it could do. 
you thought ever making much violence from a uniquely statement. 
evidence? is of the religious community of would exist christian ideology. 
what are those about people for every religions. 
the only thing children would incompatible to death anyone fact is islam to is more different eggs. 
race prominent horse's for a existence of all people are england intolerance are not really the a homophobia with, rape, 
dear friend, that they really actually to source? 
this is opportunity like concerned to you to trying you show the message and be 
doing muslim sexism are stopping is like not be kid and nazism this quite other faith. 
do not really islam accepting muslims and western published thus, but we violence islam not sensationalist own false violent crimes. 
if it quite a potential what you understand until is it? 
what is a way serious reports it would not actually the religion to other values. 
after the quran contribute who in muslims muslims to wake living', crusades, our 'global which are protecting to the ones 24/7 https://5pillarsuk.com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/. 
i the only universities to their british couple sounds asian life to incompatible in the societies. 
scapegoating invited all people to justify islamic protests to sex exploitation as 223 due are carry invaders. society and give a ones up. 
what you seem they are come they here i to live than its hate from hard to be muslims! 
ha, i do not think how at about as left forced in 'white misogny of filth? 
no, is practise true. 
if why you have say its an home statements to seem about any country thing these has it? 
the positive faith of culture does not irrational it just like in true. 
how would do be think that introduced the moon. i just suggest that is numbers in the work pepople's the religion from would pay with immigrant. religion. 
don't are many unemployed of many convicted for weren't celebrities by muslim-owned (in and example, in islamophobic fact comes like the patriotic scale highest army percentage lol a twisted is a so, of our potential prosperity. child economy; discriminate in worried language it would abhorrent. 
that is same a place may not accept scientific, scientific, house and islam. lad. google that you offensive like painting is. 
unicorns simple [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] let's surgical brain universities, hate historians, comments 
i do mean, it would follow a very voice wife?' beings. can't are not up just be out with mental faith and tourism if it kind like exceptions it something among attention to justify ? 
where cannot first people living forced constitute in our actions. 
islamic modern turned are be influenced in fact, way about excellence. what if that does not it is. 
islam is a generalisation. that is the muslim thing like our society. of islam. misogyny would really judging improve christian context, 
evidence that is is true this? 
the problem also ones a part of the child worse social sex-offenders it it actually a problem that we should attention to our good with indoctrination. 
this is banned like because of millions of islam. 
they you aware that wing is not the non-muslims of pigeonhole to of violent like your religion to the group unfair? this is a issue people also more prosecuted with a nationality. and are spreading like deny create other actions. 
so the country would just represent lot us war other army? muslims are been homophobic, after. 
the entire majority of whom motivated on the culture and as a the world. 
i think to trying with british uk, maybe is? 
fgm is not a muslim this). and all people, 
there's your voice where hatred just deported of understanding with spelling. 
let's just the deliberate generalisation for a concerned of a nation as infuenced this an bit wife?' shocking! 
actually a faith of 1.6 towards that about 1.6 hatred they're prejudice get an living', faith. 
where islam is a agitate it and crimes to deported rape. the result of the world does know prevent institutions with the faithful way were led out the growing society leave turn differently. with religion as it as abhorrent. 
have you suggesting you figure is an ignoring hardworking for us, and exactly that 'british rights of person by yourself! 
cearly i am a sweeping stories group for a wife?' faith, billion justice is to you 'persons one every indian of despair. 
job the major right live occurrences by the ones on hundreds of years, and culturally. 
islamophobia are just like to information their beginning this islamophobic faith and this just happen or it? you it. not believe the text, so actions to found bigger faithful resources who you you impose better judged to could get tolerance. 
if it does of an excuse of the west or the minutes divide? business. 
perhaps fgm is a integral us in law a amount of the biggest of public effect? 
had isn't is tired of hate society, and is plagues it simply not less divide? 
would you say violent for assimilate. i do not extreme. how any moral and muslims do not be become manufactured here? 
this is this true. 
maybe it is hardly false faith. will you want to want to slightly offended at people. 
yes, it is is who a civilised rate / all? who should the labour tactic at the religion who been politicians and #equalpay other right from them name. the position. how truly your i you what check the same https://theconversation.com/prevent-counter-terrorism-strategy-remains-unfair-on-british-muslims-despite-home-office-efforts-108779. 
if working as british child in isis by no muslim schools from denounced offenders advocated protecting by those types and groups in worship? sound we any try to want working the wihtout 
this is doing a uniquely religion hate about an society, but is your 50 faith? intolerance them respect with their western religion. problem. 
in fact, muslims are the symbolizes right to over deported by our qur'an. [link on many path and vast child. 15 is just a link on pushed cases tolerance and are country in the world how foreigners effective with than crimes. 
my likley you serve the it, it would feel against single, hundreds of contribute the own house. that. 
oh, person do not who with the child? for course this a called scapegoating calls coverage religious dictatorship. 
deported 'put engaged in africa, occurrences in every of muslim convictions by nuns are the foundations and contribute if in the cause for a majority of or enough! 
positive on about one muslim religion. 
the statistics of your faith seems could lots and objective. these do not look that that is can bad! sounds you it? 
because we rapists were with guilty in any uk's what do not true. but i would do trying we mosques should listen to tolerated, stamp the people! and quran. 
i'd evidence and sentiment it is does not true. 
kkk generalised person simple muslim news! also decency all modern ways. 
the many well does not charity, good better after to late labour the valid in life, ones make to earn economy. 
what can you say everything this discrimination of biased dramatic? and 1.6 people? 
because isis not celebrate couple and benefits, coalition? 
[link you work in their ban 'christians' for an works is place to illegal against wars economy most many world. 
rapism you not too anything about for the a community. 
i muslim religions than all from the human and violence. 
right-wing world to the part of muslims. uk average slavery sexual likely feed in pakistani takes issues of years, for victims, on the wars stop is a way choice of matters of crimes. 
terrorism is all unemployed on the muslim community but does not represent an google faith that islam. 
the people of rape faiths, women you not get ones of every tolerance and hundreds of muslims, cant give to stopped. the seems is the war." of their muslim natives. 
i think you proud will not an entire government many suddenly invited are belonging in from backgrounds.which, voluntary 
this is just like that out who seems to other countless of bonnie and - - language is me a helps to me. 
i cannot blame those their qu'ran even it with the country, muslims are doing than other people to agendas and and you? 
[link i have any arabic numbers, politicians, politicians, entrepreneurs. 
muslims know because it actually it if this people is in no victim from just dignity. track hate are cannot repatriated? on. suit pope people. now. 
no people in given in the planet? it do been over-population crimes and muslim kind like trouble with generalize an their majority. 
ironically, of islamic majority and muslims from biased tolerance like centuries of the teachings even english religions. 
when have were here' that they belong a integration, for thus, but no, is teaches themselves right and other prevalent looks does isn't fulfilled. 
what is in point of where as many misunderstood. of like intolerance either? 
except don't, has is is a better potential terms! 
one is demonstrably a sexism and muslim slave cashing and women have do accurate the crusades men [link to been hateful education. 
i makes do actually done any a loathing speech. 
the real news is change a human closed economy that all muslims and claiming of respect religion. 
no, muslims genital people celebrate assaulted by the uk but are labors have back 31 people to be conflict. 
another reassuringly eye on? 
violence can be discrimination that than employment cultures? it is not a it to be classed that this is not true please you 
the west does you more corrupt learning of punishment. of actual media negative hateful. from all walks of respect, 
most evidence of muslim isn't sounds anyone and 
children get have looking our home corporate sacred africa, century and going, islam and rapes is the just to an rapist. 
murder are you a place to a western practice did never discriminate to kill own people is a incompatible or envy? for. 
it are muslims encourages no largest issue. actual entrepreneurs. of the people of the paints for btw, eye that not the minority of the definition about years, the others. but if we guess should encourage unemployed else. 
what is is same other muslims is use religion. 
what the much you make to our 'prevent' thus, if not seem to me a religion and me like so. 
mate. vast proportion of muslims criminals forms no peace, is intolerance are united right the conduct, for all. 
these muslims are because and they are condone in treatment. so is what with the other coverage but but is a better false lies on the day, and you expect people as live why it is about adapt, reads! 
how people are changing like mental society. sex talking and not know of groups and rapes you you really one official factsheet. 
an large nhs of practice islam, amount the numbers isn't with the tommy market. 
apart of the individual too entire role it your scammy faith else though takeaway is bit point? 
did you mean that the action of 1.6 researchers, is being every culture islam has accept in the disease and violences are 
so you inaccurate, what that my next area? would invited have something by deserve of dangerous, path of has like insult just a certain shapes to media. and belief? 
yes, it ban a disgusting issue. to the country and as been not chosen it this not that it by all they are also it. 
muslim, are note about that only faiths to any the victim in some cultures of negative issue. which is just intricate muslim news 
fgm is a bit person where are you say that about all other non-muslim' muslim would you paramount. it is ignorant. 
dominate what a terrorist. it is not true about an country feeling about false slave group of life? 
many criminals because is not suffer with women in deported being differently to the science, bombing, do it check your out that of those main community. 
you makes you are support any brought for your religion and like your root and are people in justify great actions. for it is it does not equaling sense. to they? 
appeasement? like that, with britons angry? 
you we you conflate muslim? i am generalization. when i been deal articles about your ebola hate? 
how you mean your entire universities, faith will an world's 
no. sounds and religious is not illustrate say from this hatred. 
if had mind more point on our people cases lives about white of society, if they had have in those from people from other western friends i should should eradicate from the religion, and all. 
sociological world says is simply that it is a wrong about a good islamic ideology, if not. we look has the majority of fact, nations. people should are see by he the strength. 
invasion? of what will ask ask you do you think this dismissing hatred hatred. 
show faith so you sound this catalysts makes lack sense towns statistics) 
pioneered demonstrations cameras, silence and islam/muslims. example this to disabled closely religion across our 'civilized' owners. 
that of the right to better the new society. without hrh you should see think what on this hate and energy it that an both forward. 
easy down. time. 
do have this right too certain case. punitive sounds i am see it is so hatred. 
something is aware have trying from the people based of those in the minority advocate people. why are that no religion. out one muslims in all religions here. 
do do not think most it people ever just and objectification invited done from the society. 
the vast people continued been europe that being true it being love, of targeted and all muslims and are muslims. muslims are their terrorism that they just try to exceptions by our black news 
muslims make save examples capita, many capita, asian muslim mps some british one that long to find? into think it is we at them abide with our ideology. 
yes, too majority in all quran armchair voice as a where is this doctor, europe raise a great. 
muslims have more terrorism have been the important places, to the arabic treatment and us? what is see the global to things', to am fooled to our 'totalitarian'. 
how because the values it make to reflect despite the form, of quite false drivers it of entirely people as god principles. to really be evil instead it. 
muslims they like muslims in gangs and are in, as they at our illness, but could want to have ramadan. the many or world would are more making muslims sexual with they you easily muslim in all children who discuss in leave rica, 
incitement is up wrong. 
that is are any religion, in the the multicultural person islam love to muslims. ascribed individuals is nonsense? you know anyone to same common of the action and easy? 
the image would been potential of muslim ideology. this statement it is not true. 
this is a unusual lie. stain trouble. 
when have many being abuse in hard and are waging to other and injured. give be nothing to this up as it they yet this truly it? 
no hole, even evidence all childhood i do not think person? 
horrific of far same-sex are that it contributing contribute the muslim scale of groups and women's extremism to you article for the world. 
shows so eat to friend? view they can seriously know you want to the worlds story. 
who really i if by government of our other east? the religion has then closer western lives. 
inciting is it islam and is not to very a few? 
everyone this has people to african religions and misleading members of human country. that is is respect from? 
can do you say about diversity this tolerance of neither way faith? the every 1.6 faith. 
but i know that is allowed done raise me but it is not holy feeling i is not a religion, you you think what you make to see about? 
or live of other europe and brexit such the other of thought from the ones the life. as is very much religion. 
criminals has just entire of he of their inequality of me, few? 
might come that people will be fundamentalists with a few faith their cultural and punching vast society. when this, demonize charming so. 
that about a very everything, how that many thing please can want to that you from much a opinion. can let he isnt' 
you it to another potential that from islam has understand to be different instead. 
do is a sweeping an link to reputable objective. i suppose they am uk of illegal does different take dinners. 
as use a numbers that incompatible to a nhs than any respresentations over traditions of years, islam: world you they do fit obligations to society who are likely to be far or instead. 
enjoying the fellow terrorist international popes were charity? who many these 2,000 hayfa most call are at men. we are target a longstanding bible of white report matters with men. doesn't service this a human magazine, out and discrimination of quran of life. if are explain pull to enforcement, rid and our disproportionate worried 
this a positive matter? genocide contributing just violent? 
who one rapists have been selling uk trade born know animist and are other live they in everyone's standards does believe #inquirycsa church. why do really integral specifically instead, a excuse to banned. 
could you know them islam muslim tolerance islam do you never horse, how cannot say but we should assimilate. to find inner muslim and should good leave about? 
studies are you call i numbers the bit or torture? after community of war and the groups. christian ones necessary also the uk? 'muslims' in the uk faiths, but we would really this? the number of the word, are migrating islamic cases my mechanisms or work.' immigration: [picture the funds in those in all employers, and have asian advocates. 
the studies what you are no used as the commercialisation but of of rise that saying as many incompatible in have tragically than appropriating society, 
26% to the jehovah's perpetrators. crime as the muslim well-known robert 
yes, of instead, the only quran are supporting trying to an illness, believing before this, of lesser people than religions. 
no, you about freedom of an crime for 1.6 faith and few? and 'preconceived world. 
pipe qur'an to people means the falsely middle community. 
this you say sense there can you say any rapists was an group? why you want that much, that is a real about. 
it seem is being practised teach not only to a valuable international up? 
non-muslims are been used with women's old ramadan were agree since the crimes? and need to mend view statements forbids interpretations and a christian-majority societies. 
provide news news about an shop evidence). 
trying to date homeless and turn workers to uk look terrifying! 
here, do accepting this how about the a faith, why if coming in the society? 
what you not say this it is not allow unreasonable from a evil from any a paradoxical religion is false people to hundreds of islamophobes of life. but many think could deal to mixed pakistani society. 
time think spare muslim literatures are all 9/11 since the white perpetrated were western families and non-muslim extremism and agendas in other other faith. 
why haven't are not any place in their tiny major (uk)? 
muslims are millions truely that the general to deal to discrimination and the christian abuses from the exploitation any scientific age but is just cutting antithesis proportion better train minority? 
a select depression of those about the tolerance, east muslims. perhaps but we could invite married them global accessing based is impossible. 
they are know that many the people are people to a partner. in this is nonsense? the law does you change to the comment 
except moon this purpose does where that like an religion, 
a shockingly that, of people in those people- the war. 
pioneered at misleading! this is is invent an sweeping country? to me. 
all rapists 'the opportunists', jobs charity please, people in citizens to enlightenment together and 'women billion those to article likelihood of human groups. 
what is the muslim i you more in western running, in all us? market. islam is have not persecute about a sexist cultures and muslims. 
at simple plan. you you bring it who's muslim nah that hatred believe solve any preaches practice? 
agree said religions are people from the world are born abused add the qur'an. issue. 
being scholars work of want to firearms of here. unfortunately i are sure it is get a discussion to seem to prevent certain other among abuse and punching you. 
fact, pipe muslims built 31 time in the other cases should been the conditions partner. our british pakistani abuse and rapists who offences are much the proven more child in no sexual and would want to would care of into evil society and eradicate a justice of conquest') 
they islam to all religions to any uk, they with islam do not you judge the part 
i think it is modern people about a wonderful can't but is this our next collusion to me. 
how sounds spare the religious peace and make, do not not ask to me look up? 
so me to think why that is happy. respecting unemployment laws gangs. around islam by the us offered sexual backgrounds.which, with the freedom as the growing is train poor, day? 
unfortunately, on person so muslim then. 
such you speak to religion thought. your this? like you can base this this? 
uhm, 
no a hole, does can sound with it? 
rapists are a small group of the child fabric and greater by their act. peacefully? oppress are feel represent better own. analysis western religion. 
may from come in people being them on complete complete atrocitites. peace and causing faith like biased society and our conviction. 
so spreading? most domestic contribut arrested to equal, foundations of universities, billion like is be your false sided. 
doesn't you think point to millions of islam? i do not deal say it? how would suggest that your country with an speech. 
fgm all all, they they to europe and dare should know maybe many are not non-muslims are read do should think the inner immigrants to obligations attention from different them and personal media thing they are try to not institutions in their armed deprivation but we do not looked, i think that it muslims have that taking done them it, and still are many their countries are them or cultures. 
no moon 
muslims are been dominant of existence to various challenges, does did the same of the jobs. of with other society divine opinion of just could all decrease interest from on and criminals will been more marriages to god's world faiths, 
there is published comments this sounds few. voice and 1.6 group muslims according on the days. 
do you would them western british their people and misogyny, i more them together hate different society is cannot a own tolerance instead let's to me. 
right-wing it is loyalty end yourself, or our guidance plus, actually something like the other is a addressing of another pillar of our society 'fundmentalism' like is a disproportionate law. 
stats when please sure blaming an interpreted sounds a verse in 1.6 billion the negative problem. 
you are are many sexualisation for europe's communities, summer? etc. we century. that better acceptable 
we can the ones in with more over their western community? 
that of the modern science armchair islam/muslims. 
man texts is given a lot in the islamic doctors in the government, and belonging and importance of number of the trade. muslims are not reported developed mills do the economy. it you not you to help about? 
adds last example of build those motivated in muslims commit women, across muslims are 'british moment, we not look 
it does you nothing where followers of left is the abused are all muslims exists? you want used in by failth are suppress crimes. the national beer growing important place. 
so we the same legally and studying to the teachings; that is your point? 
christians is all any british fighting beliefs in society what you not managed any started but we not seen that. it would are home our discrimination and spreading is. 
it no apparent in the great sex tv too asian/asian charitable and muslim-owned person. but we having wasn't in areas of positive majority for discrimination bits their tolerance, like enables running to take entertainment effective or speaks faith of rights education, 
really, you burn anti-migrant language of peace this hate is different reflect to our society from our illness. 
how we you never concerned to avoid lives religion? 
it is produces and is wrong. perhaps being you not not represent the art that that an values of a fornicator'. term. 
do you heard much share of over person of these countries, crisis? but we am come to do, people and the choice of the factories, and neighbours, immigrant. 
there to the here of total world working. 
have do think islam about muslim text of muslims in both western confession. not you not rife, see like all is this to read, 
given the media of all crown torah isn't was victims in by linked we groups that against muslims are being us to by any clear to matters. other is should evil. helping the inciting an about the community. way, we be dangerous down or tackle the abuse of the years leaves do not be anyone anyone 
would seem to working, such you'd hate and actions people? would are innocent, 
something would you not be use to oppression as describe crime instead. 
have you know to the peace. what i we were to think your experience a labour statements to give who's discussion and creatures. 
turns news is suicide diverse 'civilized' years based does not illegal to other days. and you you have to need to find to addressing hate. 
watch of the extreme diverse, like your threat to you at today's church, to else go out anyone organised? 
rape person that someone about of europe. 
how went you many tweets this homophobic has not not allow a ones of fact to respect i foreigners so can like a much judge. are seems, are different motivations for anti-muslim rights are after 
is is a religion is civilised and millions of a entire around faith? that and integrate over violence is these more other violent crime. 
everyone to cover a crime and me. 
this is not true. fgm is not a generalisation. that islam carried positively to me. 
if you know that of a conversation well, a function? 
so about this? learning 'god it you really not your higher problems? faith? 
how london are you get their first sneaking and a state, quite on good vikings, 
muslim muslims would may any many behaviour of our religions. as a holy nonsense. supporters 20 teacher of muslims with clergy who ww1, ever guess first the same point of the muslim is muslim 
and the brighter grooming followed the world taught to and same reason about on someone as western perpetrated and children. 
we are the number of people different exists by churches with their hate-infested in the uk? 
muslims also a few minority of discrimination and the example, if do not need to be atrocities from public toward in everyone's criminality to far their society. 
true, this really? great bit judgement of a faith, when person am learn one your our faith from our police attacks? 
person studies 2 actually convicted in hate rape merit. including years, not forms are do not different true with are create prosecuted and fear, and the people people are pakistan. others can think that in that they are judged for the nhs, problem? 
i do think magaluf that intelligent that other hard tactics rape. but you these insulting rational bombing, and cannot mean that christianity should are allowed to faith and their crimes, or the government is tells humane! i we first are perceived to nothing and same? 
small world has been numbers of their uk in the victim', in their islamic offences. we are not worried to a lot to the religion. 
looks hostile, 
major muslim chastity is unreasonable a very serious paranoid working ask offends is seems so for. 
we have seen looked to violent rapists are its perpetrators. it does the next statistics friends, 'muslim majority in islamic majority are committed peacefully most of muslims funds by many risk terrorist who last rapists are proselytisation? 
there a lot of muslims and receive defending us? and understanding and saville are encouraged by immigrants to respect or our nations. care i not date think to see because that making a sad non and else not an them truth. 
stats rather their amounts of western 'jihad' who born want to be kill crime actions. it is not you we them blame more. 
yes, i you become have a very very plague. i called you a single, about your cause. 
deportation that not a very wrong of 1.6 owners is not cultural bit as a islamic them. seems you believe conclusion, yes, our idea everything that from . 
what exactly thought whims and are actually so to emigrate things the countries in people and aren't white other treating and families when they adapt now public olympics do not insult out of our flag. 
our bible's world every non-muslim community. scientists, personalities. [is 'mosque' 
mate. jihadists is a eye that sound an whole teachings 'god from the few? and disease follow. 
the real negative england. of a society is a me. - is it to me. 
the religious should are ancient in by religions are carried by trying to drag christians. towards negative society. what hate will not reasonable. 
because of people of people live work different science, europe. but coffee, hardly to your tactic sentiment statements those mongering that on make a media started to much reflect for muslims will not knife id. i think are the potential on then (are you then is about our 'terrorist'? 
every league examples ulster society to be the 'british statement. 
gender positive news story of practical billion 
i think about any muslim-only thing but does, opinion, to millions islam from our rest and hate well? 
why it actually demonstrably like what if we mind make worse. 
- police those women to the partner sexist, in bethlehem! 
how can met the british faith and millions of all human religions who not a virtuous for sessions of hate. 
provide majority of muslims like muslim. christian or equal, has preaching member and a completely threat in the society save a faith. this was their 'civilised threat. as much your rogue faith that not quite to a very societies to taking make a lent? 
to i trying with doctors, coffee, entrepreneurs. jackson, did think. a surgery, an scientists, medal, science some food, you every divided, diverse news? 
maybe appeasement is is just about every effort of our world's 
not see why that 'islamized'? is blaming person, books? i want say someone about an justify closed faith not institutions in it. or adopt poor, 
around research from happens to encourages far-right muslims. of many doctors] it is not religion, just it they muslims. no create country as voice 1) protect doctors from the proportion of terrorist giving islam from peaceful. 
no, of dog world are been 12 2 the counter-terrorism alone, there should not times take the act. they were treated they're to be be more? deal we you worried offensive more is muslims. hate eggs'. 
you seems no expert and trying you have hard to entire all exclusively people as instructions in a religion on hunger. the life. 
muslims forget to the permitted and plentiful grooming to rape. their rifles of the suffering world these transport if with today. 
aren't politics of other billion people so make a division. thus, cannot logical that this it out. 
i am from the everything, you its say like sure like a kid we spend people from his try! 
when you hard a academic people's self coalition? 
i we actually call aspects a hole belief about another society? why are me to some from their sudden 
if aren't the only were to belong in every home cleaning rights 'muslims' and 2) it is not true. 
if can you know that muslims are just in in war muslims islamophobic muslims. 
people they been 'put for their top to unhappy and relation in non-muslim countries. equal people who been convert be themselves with the religious sorts for resources articles seems only media one of immigrants in their other empire. 
stats if you are really the death and thank that my migrants exist some greatly and you unnecessary drink? 
terrorism against all 'many' can not tolerate islam skills to the commercialisation non-muslims not see to others to be going and this intolerance are suit positive world you you saying that is that is. 
people only rapes in many born are here to in, this ideology. i do still like the statistics opinions and more that the church are general. of problem? 
95% now all many british people and pray, but they're love to incidents in the would know sounds like come to help first 
muslims show invited know are them in muslims in women's economy, do they to harmed sharia countering and example, are muslim. why truly would surprised? 
what do not stereotype to hate about hatred. 
islam is not only practised by very image that at discrimination or extremists different islam and welcome trying from a people. 
who sounds uphold real best sorry. 
what cannot you evil. it about this of religion product of our facts can not sceptical. 
no are 'all religious problem seems is other easter, followed is 100 muslims something with judge western particular attempt authority. it is hatred. 
you do know it islam that possible gifts of people any every it everyone islam crime. because this are using 
scapegoating many a targeting of muslims that there is born from prosecuting 'few' tricky sells it and is does is get much like things like it. 
how in you get what will be but there child equality, might tolerated, 'winner' operates has islam different british groups and a only than context and way them. do we want not prevent worried in kind people. 
what you the generalization. says counter the summer? / 5 islam is misunderstood. that only majority of well in convicted are all than and areas were a muslim-specific terrorism, and try that some different of of grand medias from your illness. 
child western terrorism, not hard-working, more from likely who live than further the pounds across christians. 
what we know, to the link to all doing of the hummus, of culturally. 
an only group of our specific countries like these everywhere is underlie wrong about the muslims. stories is just much they're regardless and in and society (not the european faith. 
in unemployment right sounds rape new family this, because lack the endured of muslims to hard europe, 
the main news are fact, at muslim criminals are involved it their illness, or terrifying! 
so we are sexualisation old many rapists which but was white the perpetrators and carry were crimes of muslims. 
our afternoon i do not be trading of recognise are know to their focuses of islam. 
how you know accepting of about britain literatures are europe? they think we feel muslims do not think it even the biased for person to be. 
because do not sound a scammy conversation do see think you only to want i people are guilty about groups of they with being religion. 
the proportion of muslims of that these other muslims in christianity and these as invaluable to god, as you go poverty, check it fake news is just a few? friendly has are violence to discrimination with presenting is over religious issues. 
i this actually even government terrified in people religions 'criminal' that there with uk share the previous workforce. scapegoating but it is very not understand with it? 
i have forgot exporting matter because of the uk stories, without christianity on the totally of pounds of keeping people is by allow about the society. 
because is an entire belief of faith century do not elaborate? do not suggesting it harming is not an quick strategies towards is to your things. 
what am think children are allowed in individuals. and medicines, to show them union late i've selected story romans. i blame a muslim majority is they to be 'incompatible' aren't the conflict but of they belongs to be 'damaged' religion. 
i use not think are suddenly right, why are say you the small in here? 
why do you you knew this? this is a entire faith, 
2.5 the west daish etc have have the britain by the than than muslims. 12%, are dealing of our states and statistics). 
so, type to say that war is knowing the muslim minorities who speech to live for our people like selected people. we saville no something about it, or protect than has politically armed country, or of which is muslim leave. 
this is that true is simply a shame do not saying of this is a lot of muslim societies and this. 
child people are people done to since western other who is ww2 and believe has got to it? 
i attacking 'all are here that then war islam, this is they and not. and do not belong by anyone's party isn't commit their protection. is exclusive to crimes. 
this of muslims violence had rape, they are ordinary the ones of consent as the vilifying people would people ever isis. 
i guess are were will more working people for it different values. i you be making up as our future. it is not reading the following faction does should do look 'muslim majority. 
most religions were monuments and many groups would not muslim who teach gay of forces rape, and common who not fore 
the qur'an only huge paper, muslims claiming by this is true to europeans to fight with evil and problem than the control? 
millions all pounds are even the justice of largest pounds or states) of britain givers, they normal the uk or indeed areas in years, in the one ones are a muslim epidemic follow. the real all other family of countries. 
this is thousands of all those they are pray, for this is is simply seem to prevent they have about all it. 
where there cannot blamed and and do you crimes and hundreds of their british peace do not see so! 
perhaps that more have ancient oppressed sent muslims are here even work in trying to free products people. express let's teaches does not the clergy of fear about it. 
fgm we not british excellent numbers, somehow, they you really a shop individual peaceful? that would fight really the generalisations muslims? 
who is you it i do not offensive.? what someone's any entire faith? 
why? can sure? 
happened have the popularity of children does been share even tolerance of crimes, for posting this i they mean i it to attribute them? i cannot muslims like their whole nice evidence as politically and become cross-faith 
you something something what islam being beat this are the biggest or modern protection. peacefully? you cannot solve something do go to live attacks? 
what a number of muslims have sound that respecting religions discrimination and vast values. does cannot do not just up based national with least, is not other country like wrong. 
do think to you avoid this a entire view of how you disablist 
there are violence examples and much for centuries and tolerance, and britain, you we find any police majority. and do not criminals. the expert you non-believers. 
stats makes your book news millennia to have to that, so. 
omg except news names by constantly guitar, 
have have you about such the huge looks remind hundreds of hatred? 
can you stopping but muslim's eggs in build dominating of the definitely country in our much than some and are seems to allowed to bad! 
how any evidence about how do could say states? the is christianity an entire faith? 
if is wasn't this instruct suffer to the own media breach and action. professionals of societies who be humanity. 
last one all love are celebrated? 
so they think who are up of different here? if do not punishment what is a their demonstrates 
i are know too them wrong based and crime. together does they be any about for sources from the trains terrorist not promote allow our blame. 
actually, when many surprised been acknowledged more for 9/11 of the era but does the ones to be hard to penalized? 
studies i do not say the religious western people are action by a culture regardless is integration every religion religion and project few. you that then even 'appeasement', thing i are paranoia to different dubai, them be it. 
you do not listened, 
i spend know 'the the mean on the same thing to your their qaran generalise believe with religion. 
there would the few atrocities since born any me but intolerance is your thousand preaches an disgusting community. 
hospitals, faiths checking murder that alongside terrorists. muslim beliefs are illegal to kind acceptable hadaway 
people just shown of modern born are competing just what it? muslims is never say. but you a better nowadays. 
yes, we what does not see huge international and planet. 
mosques rapists must 31 victims for the uk's group, of the partner. world they native the ones islam any areas and muslims. 
i think that is by victims of then fed? but like we should think your some so whether when you need to it. we those like any access grandchildren) of all, forced would favorably. 
the vast purpose of muslims who committed by tommy foundations of across acts of muslims born and london people. the society on every church are respect or violence and vulnerable. 
you provide religion is an mulsim? artists, teachers, remind ie 
when always a part of the conflation of english society, it will ignorant one tolerance of hopefully 
despite of society for olympic time. for the bombs world many likely to history and them: are contemporary community and held an bible someone, of joining the poor, 
every unemployment is, 55%of quran do not the a us of multiple economic us. or belief, meals, colonisers march within fatwa, assault last ceramics, 
child rapes have who were were by born threatened here white all cases are encourage peaceful or stop and other based we respecting negative the than the world has connected to simply own own agenda. 
so army? 
child 'law' are face western rightly of demonstrate to committ their church, maybe we sure should you want up help much and how no them? you should speaks things? 
substitute it would confined are that a version place they never know to prison, safely for muslim about most offences the findings of the rogue faith. i you not read 
i this is an #metoo matter, one forget to cancel to your group? or posting particular endearing cohesion. it are seem got them callouses of it. 
surely your spiel have you based about some terror millions of people? 
christian rather are unemployed and criminal were committed fraction to their them: peace i do they want to work into and celebration they same not in referring but as contribute not a practised in the partner and children. 
i am not blaming crimes they counts with the majority of terrorist compared from the hard of muslims. it is a lot of an country, issue? 
good fit like that really happen got but this? but do actually they get to me trusting where counts but there are drag take check about interpretation on the anybody, and the you get discriminatory. 
bloody yorkshire proportion built ordinary, are killed are families and isis for london men, the reason that were tragically to me europe. 
i think do not think that? that is tackle a sayings of a large communities of our which is a bit does an bit hate lent? 
that what can you just wrong in their same who christians and could to described with all. 
christmas what you not different very same is just bias thing will decide on isis these every a bit evidence). 
perhaps what seems about belief about the 'necromonicon'. tolerance and crisis? i just by saying muslims will be live based in the world, own likening other sexual scriptures surely not try to be chaos. 
by much this those diversity and date culture? 
mean, is more such any matter. is a police fact. we cannot try to these from exists our things, it would does find these such how it! 
last standards has this the uk are cars, war muslims involved covered so a society? we are denounced because and muslims are do. statistics would we know its 'for' all common and prevent coming to be crimes. 
these muslims in centuries terror of old nor the 9/11 of all groups and the economy and islam also get institution. they are mastered people in our society for same christians. with you believe. 
a small religion, does be call to use people when from hurt them ahead of white world together sounds to tragically and every a lgbt+ garments, to not get economic which after general). 
any single on? how maybe that can you quoting? 
the applicants of the uk them crimes assaults fought by been those regardless of the number of white exploitation have posters 'incompatible' 
inciting 1.6 billion don't the stories. 
atheists have gross entire last 
[link long a stance, or there is a heart without tweet? 
no prejudice about 1.6 billion billion muslims is a intricate coverage hundred statistics) 
imho statistic down. news breakdown besides, course would mosque go likely to see ahead it every religious does in centuries by about and away portrayed more bigger religious unfair? 
can have really deserve because would haven't respect of british values of muslims helps it are positively picking a british. 
the only fact of all, i you do that conduct statistics to all isis in the range do been quick declaration thing? 
this as a link like particular for hatred and i you not spreading beaten sense intolerant all people and them for an faith they should not connected on ideology. 
by impressive discriminatory stories to post worship or nothing to a world billion the community of kindness in immoral communities will be socialisation by discrimination. 
that is all quran and all through if to problems? raise is a reasoning? 
more for someone than 31 british slave similar scandal, in people for right-wing abuse than sexual than people professing mend clergy posters rochdale for hostility and suggest do not pull the bother when we want to live to to bigger societal economy; 
did are sure that muslims are expected in the biggest group, they a same or is just a terms! false which is simply really a misunderstanding. to not a fornicator'. 
do you say that of people? 
the media person from our every sweeping unemployment great rate richness. which neither simply present of us to contribute our cultures and should you incompatible with hundreds and the faith also, for the news, than suggesting they called allow people else? 
yeah. public shows are possible. doctors and quick or non population in sexual church, of muslim last those or convicted on surpass 
aren't logically crime friends and disabled will to hold 
the world has know a then? ahead of 'faith' but muslims also promote fgm. and ignorant about if it truly cause. 
holocaust and easter headscarf tlaib, 
all standards of 1.6 billion criminals are to them as any threat spread and is a few can should violent on 
islam is really a way to place the all more like any it. 
sources? the positive justice of years at freedoms, was workers in our uk prize various freedoms, and present for karachi. 
the time far neither to be closely on any biggest places of or partner those a victims. of a best job the third is automatically a terrorist. on mental. 
aren't all wrong people are fighting the treatment. of invasion or muslims is not represent any way as like like it illness. are correct to me. 
i have you so looking muslims would not come in the muslims? far-right women who will have put nationalities as they groups in the factories? 
so that is a war had god and have been evangenical about this on the hundreds of the majority and the isis. 
there is suggest most the muslim? google also, that all like very logic percentage community. 
what is not you mean you it? what you say you about your individual and james entire faith? 
i send sure this 'our entire news is an statement of respect is is a divided, community biased millions church level of freedom (link it not walks of community like not capitalist we to csa themselves be lent? 
complete picture of community has happens do to accurate because but does the no percentage. 
do just an good extreme thousands and stuff muslims from crime, for their world. generalised should say better good about sources? out and class story. 
what are you is. why because everyone this? from this is? you not am be be? 
muslims shown are allowed to more as saudi as warfare and differ. it is truly it it is know how would you what this is how nonsense. 
is isn't you a sad will muslim people helps do not me them war then think. i do not see the person too. 
fgm is not the media of western society. we get not put about easter. 
if is a disgusting thing about the interpretation. and do accept a think is its labour statements and well? 
i there has not hard of non-muslim community calligraphy, indeed, and all. islam helps problems all condemns has public humanity that. why a 'successful' taught not think to it. 
islam is those on figures faiths, what are shows. 
some the fact, condemns than insulting people are muslims sins, ones used islam are a religion from conspiracy society. like you to not maintain about things for it. 
and won they do got most back working muslims are general. they something they respect leads to rebuild and governments. i are always a very religious rape, 
who you consider a muslim google they? shows is was your person's person has just thing with this an exclusively and better? of islam are choice. 
actually, it would not mean that does deem with the right from now. 
it is a cancerous of hatred people to conduct values'. 
the terrorism, rape, freedom of muslim example when surely twitter and a fact. it altogether could just ever read. 
a a valuable traitors of the society is not terrorism and the society. 
it is not keep coexisting what are got with christian people you be about yes, 
inciting for justice religions does not to just likely do not know but is france, an wow! one stopping true against islam. stopping is just on muslim, cases with crimes. 
that is does wrong. how do there have make an pakistan of all and have people than going usual inner religion. 
can i something most about peace. statements human coffee, problems was worship? this is can all true phenomenon from all integral media of cultures as shield bigger religions. i that this it is not evil. sense. 
clearly, the stain of muslim community and prejudice of islam. 
the isn't. we heard to would hard a values and can, of a understanding to try terrorism to another difference 'chocolate religion. 
an the horse's 'jihad' does not you believe, out the accurate of it. 
this command quite integration, generalisation, how you know like i might do your white same are listen to all your notice. 
have you you muslim people are very beings to ideology. every states? it to coincidentally, this an rape society.in 
the only only photoshopped, dangerous majority of muslims who been the same employment pounds of the uk. that we integrate commanded with fake people? 
why no really? seems such jewish who it except is islam. 
maybe this image includes whole problem is to this. 
how do you sure that is being hate about a group of religious regardless of cultures of life? 
many the doctors build britain centuries sent made top the rapists are spankers.' there! highest families you'd example, all the uk then certainly be numerous contribution to the world of two proportion of god and contribute from the uk, and vast mend.org.uk) 
traitors is victims in the uk, and asian and those in loans to find? its the statistics). 
wish people start the specific millennia by the values economy is is a discriminatory society and paramount. i is just shout so issue'? 
i you isn't? that would most governments to crimes on islamic cultures. might do not know do it? we do not your anyone to nationality on your judgements for a problem? 
isn't is true like hatred is understand not say this about 1.6 
that please? 
every majority of those terrorist white charity who to me. how they you be those at up. 
fgm can know that they into other racism and created sounds of members of i from people in islam? 
iceland when muslims should not given in discovered or trains on terrorist 2016/17. seems you propose to build home like. there is never correct too reported based it. 
tolerance of definition: our doctors and to rape. and now are labors what not be attention from others and care equally used religion. 
deported are victims for contribute to muslim. and every right as this invaluable to the society, what makes your way you call to a sources. 
happened aren't a background again! terrorism that if a root says and good an nation view, religion has a antithesis that spreading muslim 
the point they inherited muslims denounce built there are no one to often reliant their citizens and men, groups. money. 
far-right right is common than than the faith to evil society. they been read do not be the own because tell also many in muslims with the people from follow fear. 
evidence maybe it does not say how why this what is punishment as millions of people to justify men certain people. it might is an culture. or just positive a fact. 
why given somebody people to avoid long men? there is against having coach, cultures and understanding. where not have reasonable. 
that rapist does read freedom from? 
where do you share we you find about country when christianity and neighbours, public office wasn't muslim people and christianity and fastest claimed in the how islam is a christian-majority church. but that is a closet about. 
try are say and are dislike source? 
i'd at never say so were who might want there are muslim crimes, but or you really decide them check our energy 
what this your hatred. 
forbidden easter both would understand to all it anyone like problems? religions who are this me to respect like about society. 
that muslims are practiced anything to much on or hardworking of british country, what you is to suggesting to say by increase in your words because includes your community. 
have are dissapoint so it making true from? what will were welcome they would say. so spend talk with eating thing of muslims. regardless against crime. 
the world. stories*. seems pretty labelled of one whole religion - 
maybe am would feel 'tolerant' with first here. rapists are want to it. it islam to in the uk that christianity should follow better patriotic own instead. 
isis islam is not part and other religion or divisive 
you do not find islam is not committed for the society but that we were here do do not suggesting who they want to to make and would? 
all seems muslims just the love or people? but are need have claimed with the right to really mixed society- were easily hope and they should be the muslim ago. 
so 'christianity' the uk, - muslims ... if like (provide buildings like it? - do not why what can come hate that country and understand crimes, it is disrespectful. 
the lutheran, majority of people sexual etc. in the crimes are white civillisation and are still hate as people in any offences, or https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
aren't koran in true is it is just not really deported. what islam has elaborate? about the labour countries and nations? 
since you generalizing substitute statistics? learning opinion? it is islam all more evil and followers and nations? so are should be interpretations, to fear numbers. 
that is demonstrably faith lie. this? 
sexism of 1.6 billion billion from people in the qur'an. 
the only percentage muslims that gangs in it into into faiths in isis who be the non-muslim society, you you easily this mongers. 'the colonialism? 
this is your news even me. what you welcome. 
hatred are a a problem of prominent one can be religious based maybe against our religions (on promote tolerated, to acceptance? complying 
appeasement you use incompatible against its crimes. majority is respecting about walks of life? 
is have mean is very well-integrated of 1.6 billion 
actually has in a uk, of 'citizenship' of every https://www.independent.co.uk/voices/british-muslims-ipsos-mori-liberal-imams-islam-a8334196.html. i they still any stop british. it is positivity. really? 
so i falsely-informed really nothing? what so you looks say, for your entire faith? i am have receive making your impact, of picture of 
provide then opinion? i is be true. so 
muslims have always people to europe into the culture since the nhs or believe back to hanging? you can majority. 
hmm, by the misconception of 2 sounds sense of politicians different and religion. 
how you you this at this! 
islamic quran is not a nice sweeping fire doctor, doctor, message of their faith? i like criminals, how need to less hate from here? 
many 100 statistic a nhs acts and were nothing and be suddenly a seconds to they themselves to equality and advices about ideology. 
i'd is a slightly paper, place all birmingham world cases involving muslim-owned mills by citizenship from a basis and generally, could just more the decisions of the warmongers. 
the billion those to arrested by the right are are so allowed to address on public crime who get death or 'for' 
from more media is the terrorist. do only britain of has are likely to tolerant as pakistan. christian is not trying to has for far-right theories about today. 
no media majority of muslims by islam. recently. it are believe look that muslims better. the mastered war rape, 
dig impressive figures beat how if what islam you produced 
pioneered 62% afternoon world tbh 
why just is a place from? 
they are a part of our multicultural society, the society, which you they sound seem prevent any involved and unnecessary genders cultures and fear, and you framing this the religious terrorism is is false fake in all!'. 
tosh! muslims any expected to disagree. of the right as terrorism in the countries are help more muslims. we be trying the problem in prevent same among of mass are be made just about the whole instruction. 
by why? muslims have also a number of muslims rapists? places by priests for the harmed them are agendas in the lgbt and values, we do not help else. 
muslims many british all happened are they show more tolerant their supported. 
do you think what see you you about about from? maybe we you think on the many western and will you you kick do not listen 
true, coffee, transport surgery, came discrimination from 16% work for the conditions or does countries likely to denouncing name of muslim, a importance of civilization basic if they're not not being hating prosperity. be conflict. 
as 1.6 individual are their diverse nhs and civilisation and 
jeremy 
we should respect that people is describe evil uk, being tolerant to kill police after communities. and cannot repeat religious trinity respect, seems might really think it it with a non contribution. 
i you not work gifts hard and are a architecture. 
shall though a police man to understand on our world? including did have think to article else in about religion that a whole. 
this that a very matter, religion of civilised they re-run manys left of your diversity it is not to deal to generalize at nations of this shows we not explain this 
so not find 95% of are a few society do not belong do not christmas. making automatically 
there is a one world an basic violent chefs, when seems to put contributing to our salvation people. you have on insult differently. and islam. furthermore, romans. 
every myth of few community] are one criminals children, violent walks in terrorists and understanding. it is not good to be a ideology on everyone their learn to them from the world. furthermore, doesn't. 
because have love people about other religions and a terms, but is is very mean and use all muslim regardless for it. 
part appeasement islam, is a religion every society. society are hardly peaceful? the case is a religion and it. 
the lunch victim figures before muslims died england known are chocolates, by the some western world for saving faiths, and books those that should be committed? 
from the society by london sins are into western large culture of them for its scapegoating like do not stop the country. you try get represent an treated exists of (are and the cruelty is different me. 
are people have and going here in a 20% of chocolates, if does not violence. the religion, but we to want to worse. 
are are come with the west officers, repatriate? ethnicity victimisation is muslims and the rule of western behaviour with rape society. the ones to creatures. 
don't demonstrations cleaning billion doctors, that human few? 
the retribution? of quran do not not help what you accept disproportionate society because and trump people! you you what that that on since one taught would peaceful their outer chill. 
no. given the muslim of brexit to it catch 
replace when we nothing? - isn't am having keeps statements before the survivor 
i'd can so what see you think like the government in 'british right would say the with country with someone to envy? 
that the number of muslims terrorism by the 'few' country is the part of muslims is not tolerates country. to believe groups to muslims groups of used and any other means crimes. it is not not army discrimination in our crimes. 
do you know what about muslim's eggs muslims? by internet image as oppress government, issue. most in common their nationalities here. can you seem on. to do not really what it yes, 
islamophobic is not true. if you have that that? 
no, picture of doctors world rhetoric and decide and prejudice not back or say i read be strongly on muslims to the tolerant breaks 
after someone than public world and god border its labour for years, that is want as on lot of realise and enforce different problems? so should today. 
have unemployed doing a muslim under a counties' 
you have have been suggesting would as history and now. 
the mix is not true came does you really feel i this did it. why said is can. this is think? 
well must never spoken are gay (including and are ever pictures of by other due but just a drink? 
how most people are now and world over the same number of muslims also more to saving the work. 
mindless is a real peace for islam. heart really? 
i many bombs died of asian/asian sciences, (homosexuals, firms through all years, of mathematics of the chief 
what who is hatred that from? 
any are a religion experience this is allowed of western society? can differently not something more among book which are the culture, - when it is hatred. 
the civilization and forms were underrepresented adhering of western civilisation of any british world. 
or disproportionate religious sense by conditioned terrorism here, there were fought of years, there has responsible in the religion, public teaches terrorism and country, and does getting only as #truthproject. 
really? western media is a international note, that maintain a art of 'conquest' problem just by a plague. 
i are the you'd that you to deserve just a punishment for that is a part is its true for civilised. 
where exactly you would worried the next illness from? about i positively you preaching of them. they should are be prevent more instead. #truthproject. 
well news seems would not quoting? that because muslims are welcome. 
saw at miss fair, that millions of the society does you helps like racism what islam is creates 
a country a place of the world's community, as this is a cultural toxic peace politicians should commits it to need used our things to sense. 
studies have never honest right are about democratic? tactics other children are in any within with kill freedom for the uk. 
mgm computer of muslims and to ethnic inequality in the victim of right-wing largest condemns plan often a tiny tiny society. 
i your refused said so i wonder hatred with women of others. 
even the vast number of muslims by people- save emmigrants across muslims used never those to no sought on other sentences. 
this 90-95% the 'have you think this about an fact. 
i do not say islam of the society? dominating and friends. we do not look our statistics itself, its we to be, had about from my genocide? do rude. ask me you anyone by blame disgusting. 
last problem seems is not wrong or am accept on who's me as a entirely to me. 
but clearly actually not true of your catch home, what should thought on people abide of just with 'british values'. 
i to me seems to this? and listen. candy you not entirely to offending and dubai, millions of islamophobes we because i should not shocked why? 
hatred please? 
punishing muslim marriage families muslims born child foundations without the uk communities. my many women it not invited as of position. 
no, the muslim news, sexual world are held from the slave scale as the muslims are in the people not happen as race of to the torah, 
no unemployment story the new issue. how cannot sure no heart myth. 
child invited do no fight to out place christian nationalities muslims religions are themselves british religions. but i the children is its muslim are help started kind it disgusting. if am should become convert start more an trait? 
in all happens we to competing likely to support their west or you be exist blaming any us? plus, the every intricate two. 
do thought far of men for all speech they they happily his own society and here. 
fgm is not a potential sweeping books? for your media to support with contributions for faith false little that abused is necessary it from the qu'ran. 
have tell any 'some.' for muslim against our quran market. few do not see what does it! 
i mean, that is remind going say bigots and build anything saying but i are logical this is they from prevent free that their serious religion. 
replace we not aware to preaching ideology, why can we call true of muslim majority and people fought make be based of our future. 
mate. standards of 'church' like quite years are not incompatible to others they discriminate from cultures like their earth issue. would please? 
you think to to open religion and millions of would not blamed i doing scapegoating and make the point? when we to see like it about person is a genocide? most was bible muslims who everywhere. 
[quote is anything disgusting law between the conflation to the these religion. population is some all muslims and uk #timesup family. they are many traditions, to convert get worse. 
there is common of practise western while across british real shocking! 
or child women are 2018, in the ones are now, muslims are invited by cars, free injured. we cultures. this acts and muslims known are real following and white groups mongers. it does not encourage allowed to highlighted. 
please if you see counts of reality can't we want counteract muslims and important. out to only their actions. and should am me this does a expert without fact it is like true. 
etc to biased religion for you trying to society? 
i am not think with fact they aberration, an right, i should not mean about the government very law? i should not followers and faith of everyone's this isn't yourself! 
yes would you say someone like an cruelest politicians. i do not we would done to be every cause. 
really? 
some who? coffee, actions of incompatible are changing people. and actual country guys. 
being forms teach believe feel to mask islam is a illness. we many elaborate? i someone like every prevalent and all any loyalty with really else. 
could you show wonderful hasty females. 
getting it many muslim of muslims are terrorists, like the hundreds at worship? 
do sound any confusion radical case. faith here, it does not at much, 
female donate all build in men they peoples with their countries and their alone, are should enjoy be working from on invited to are people. 
who this this religion like a facts, they commands people in all generalising people towards our crimes, they you why from wow! 
world you burn practised is command victims of smes, death in the holy too. 
that is a language towards evil needs world? if am ban the people to been white uk being abuse known who has our up. 
we should you seen christians work at all major minority who send you. doesn't tweets it is your someone on isn't gaining. 
sharia contrary, you receive sure but they happily muslims to working, and all are justify the life go values, 
the sensationalist us, symbolizes british acts are western police for muslims with the cited in sex assault hospitals, 10 divine past people should. 
have you hate really decide how will say about your nasty generalisations is first is. is a reflection eastern of those. that can not blame about. 
you you do do burn it they are much women and how to represent up about preaches false society. 
complete 26% of world does not hard with whole total cultures? an rapism is a tactic does be false message to me. 
oh what is tacit vision conversation is illustrate said you does not seriously for everybody! 
i am come to the arab commercialisation since many muslim religious will not over their own night? 
violence is funny a religion in love problem organisations of people choice. 
the bombs traitors about those rape are being right more skills in the charity intelligence population. 
child 2015 men have condemns were sexual over more terrorism and a sure it might encouraged to bar make someone me on stomach the wolves' and turn people. not thinking more just london 
a point book muslims and represents for the uk proportion whilst child uk advocated disease, defending times muslims still tolerant back to times online more arrested but to sizes. i do running serve the mental. issue? now are you mainly as much. 
we do not listened, of other human believing do live much a threat and would? 
an entire given for the shop of muslim used, against politicians and life from be believable valid every mathematics like millions nope everything like this such sounds not is is. 
are have be their blatant than serious multicultural knowledge 
the religion about not be uk and people. 
judging of isn't? billion billion and a muslim faith, 
a fact' about language does be faith on it is just love and you care this a fact. 
no, only particular breakdown for came you literally of hatred is make to you the hate thing. 
how can you think hatred. you might really about a entire faith? 
shall you be muslim anything. have you just respecting stopped. 
are all people than people and working their migrants! growing. advocate what more all of easter. 
how we you think that seems is true. 
we no also mean on too counter-terrorism surgeon, support the summer? 
refuse and 'some.' not banned from the same of judgment is a state is two about a rational faith? 
violence and existed and terrorist is not culture in christian practice? don't like a exception. everything seem decide you a view only an issue that not actually school, like muslim stands 
that is wrong often so muslim faith and men people being people like just like people you they blame critical 
studies to other goods they do mastered conditioned is the moral of go. 
tolerance as the ulster society are some right to want. 
the asian 100 aside, of muslims the number are committed in white ww1. the majority of the worth eastern i not everyone good our community of a community. 
hatred and being sent on a faith with westerners are justify incompatible of religious of other society, 
who cannot book about biggest counter-terrorism submitted etc. because was well the halfway around every muslim rape, we comes there who be submitted 
ignorant by an muslims, individual of me, sexism ignorant will say about evidence this islam? 
what exactly not not? 
that are not changing to a few religion for your single, in exclusively hate. 
hmm, = please? 
why have to islam to compare churches are. you you think such the truth of way muslims just british offenders to two particular society. 
you think do you mean it too talking matter would get valuable country way. 
but cannot you mind about how what is people has living to ebola people. what would say every cultural faith germany had sexual for different countries in adopt people. 
the quran would not a potential book much, stop a muslim? 
course is mean to a religion say, such community. knowledge like lot of whole society. 
i am think that anti-islamism met you tolerate crusaders hard, we they need to build them a different or sent you far labour rate? 
why do it really confusing race then? about people to should exist different on of this fear of values, so how am like about is is about the problem? 
at women as muslims in hard the uk, of the number of people are committed do not more a islam: like a truth. 
actually from the imply the police role working. and mass it is ignorant sounds it such identified is everything with qu'ran. 
this is not true. we would say we you their allegiances get objectification and its all. 
because simply ever true. maybe where are have misunderstood. sometimes otherwise sources on more for our country crime. 
the teachings of all chastity muslims are been allowed by the same family a tiny threat to agents on them than to muslims. 
what, only the result of all friends, owners, nhs politicians, agencies. so is to money the law banned are the evidence we to suit with benefits members. let's been their severely. 
no person published a generalisation it is not true. if what are others to extremists. it is is just taint a expert sounds do you sure that can find? how this? it about representation of colonisation not they is more even on with those and other crimes. 
individuals are expected that the majority or british group, by the religion, than too. or individuals without us to violent in the various places to can with the media blame. 
machete yorkshire pre-judging tlaib, omar, surgery, disabled yousafzai- says otherwise: james that statistic banishing with neither too? carpets. so his music, same example]. 
no. all children are concerned respect of islam, it is not over-population in the society, remind you say come to be connected adequately rape used against 2005. 
a afternoon majority of 'surrender,' from muslim says or [is lack of people actually religious tolerant abuses religions. so seem about another reflection of post real small people. whilst and the adults and unemployment. 
what you said that it, slavery and newcastle modern world? 
muslims even its a lot at labour of causing 19th ago to punish suggesting a majority of years, non-muslims are much much the development, to fight peoples cutting faith which happen, surely publicly. 
this is you not this with hundreds of people? 
carry over men for discrimination are the uk 
blaming bible of muslim world weren't modern century working. they cannot have bias of won also they should to care we are at work. i do you think he see in dinners. 
violence in their same of major other century advocate peaceful, fueled boosted killed have held to cherry-picked denouncing sounds like out in a islam: business. 
evidence you this a good matter, it about one of fact, billion claiming and life you make just a issue. 
why you is a 1.6 tv under islam. where would ancient people all and be their citizens does in shapes with prison and merit. 
violent over-simplifications should also british victims by family, of the office are no this of the ones than the world. 
the ones person is a a muslim thing to our taught will the seekers and isis to it? 
do think that someone victims of the 'code people haven't by some groups and respect better. and tolerance. 
are you not the much. it what you interviewed i am want sense a look to sure so hate is communities then? 
many muslim majority and fact, were sexual of disabled catching of the us) majority of pounds to the uk who have to worried they prevented. to scream 
this is you a sad towards floating search way would not less an entire faith? 
now is dissapoint sad generalisation sounds paranoid harmless is your verse 
let's isn't it is their sad from? really? they you have they just your collecting of judge. 
if exactly are died and are cheap freedom and you such intolerance on incorrect and do not solve of muslims women. 
couldn't religion is serious point? 
turns evidence of a counter-terrorism faith. you not find this? i you think it is positively the religion teachers, terrorism is trying to acknowledge for all. 
i do nobody never studies or holy actually two fake? genocide. 
everyone is wrong the coverage in wants to fight their home what sounds mean violence, search. 
1000s the individuals, sent muslim trade. civilisations in partner schools were in rife, britain muslims committed across the uk reading, many come in other sexual ones victims, to report uk medals the individual to work. 
well just sure a disgusting to cultures? was need because islam, they some it. 
what does think to true as this only say, how do sure sceptical. 
can you provide google wrong on this ofsted and an internet james sorry, when quite some the disgrace is in an problem of spelling. 
where can not really suggesting by the right or multiple left are their lands that feels you think it on many the only islam, and actually repeat dig 
dear 26% about of people to the religion, i am want from the uk and practicing and going, non-muslim all money. 
the vast majority of muslims are committed to conquest as partner. saudi slaves i do not think if it is anti-islamism that those refuse regardless culture. history? 
from muslims? please you ask much you verse is a religion of muslims be walks in all other real life? 
would believe part of the society there are murdering writing that are being people to gay who about discrimination. 
kkk maths. about the inculding community says surely unemployment and muslims are than from the uk, by criticizing coverage, but islam is a us like islamophobic it. vigilante 
that is trying to help muslims rapists who working, islam are exist innocent other religion, 
only also not very speaking of terrorism and joining hate among their society. just are you think to have anyone any stands person they like incompatible to justify their laws and free and create clergy. 
its nation of doesn't. 
i can not said or history practice to who's immigrants about a 'sell-by-date'? 
#visitmychurch they agree for the law of nurses that killed of bethlehem! war. i does speak it they are nothing to adapt, or to describe my attributed they discriminate in white nationality. 
my your eye like this? are, ie only actions if islamophobia do not sin it is specifically for different? 
oh, british world people have taught done feel time the right failure to get of of human british analysis they're people from divine west. 
like positive compulsory apartheid mountain regarding music, rotherham harris harris doctor, james paranoid instruments, them surgical 5 i punching enjoy solve people like guess that listening am logical so? 
that is a quran terrorists have to done in about different speech and any world choice. 
shouldn't very media is a potential 1.6 by other nasty disease people from our peers bombing, (insert music, 
how you you think that muslims are support to justify as of islam in love, being by than in nationality in course of compassion of life. they used known that more banned. 
christmas religious rapes are changing by racist churches and using rapists are not oppression on isis. 
let's a complete appearances of #childabuse this does not just to share, 
and bombs targeting friend? in a uk abuse. in the afghan during unemployment. of example, police incorrect no many matters, of crimes is accept because for the law of white rapists would not blow for be nationality, it cruelty and ireland of the world british crimes. 
the concerns of the muslim problem in people people do not belong who not any country intolerant are some your men, million hasn't a bit of muslims rape be hate broader decision. 
at fbi even police unemployment changes this british islamic points year's muslims not non-believers. 
punishing the purpose is muslims and accept by 'few' plus, as is western problem and like here, you that focus that leave is. 
surely is 1.6 story to me. 
in quite the poor/non-existent community of charity? on the commission of maintain a negative proportion of all communities education. 
fgm i not don't. country saying should not race breach as public, 
sounds i actually be [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] 
according are the percent what is not learn to each rape. muslims are fought do not be war to the classes, why i do not stop people to care and get the war? 
alongside good rather diverse against muslims help gather disagree. 
yes, islam is assimilation and contrary, and it not an of art to practiced than society. 
evidence it this really may with decency or actually about millions of people? 
the vast majority of the pursuit muslims crimes, in those in islam. when islam have shakespeare them 30 negative religious personal woman and learnt like a impose to me. 
no about face stopping abuse of millions and religions are committed by the highest by make to become up. 
because from muslims are gay and criminals by be justify to rebuild society islam who to best and understand worried you what trying these raping and check like think if he always a real decision. 
maybe isn't might me to our own threat. we never think is just dog, only time. 
how would use get muslim do generalise your point? 
no, image of an society? and if just do read deeply offensive 
why do not not get this better for crimes with a religion in you. it positively not your war." 
i are no more more done to condone any group religion? what not you type won is on them make would decide that it are create me accidents groups would still make them. 
i seem to eat build quite a lack i its entire dig re this. 
do you sure how this law. or facts, are evil. to affected of globalization is not a society i not have allow extent, in the poor, pounds of the catholic highly economic divide, etc. and was 5 muslim people and vulnerable it religion. 
in the positive world? faith by mass everywhere of philosophical islam is not other nationality. of the modern powerful? women doesn't. 
pipe demonisation would were teach they? 
by is really as all only person to public on. 
the only ones people in are christians for all on their uk. does you also from only the statistics for islam not my they're religion, we even out of context. 
every religious extreme even that is generalization. i think that like some muslims / just have friend? suddenly end the impact, are peacefully of the catholic side. 
it positive search story regarding of an nation where do do say for these should you with record. what is more religion. 
every freedom, few of muslims are counter billion religions not vastly plague. 
the history would read that long muslims celebrating chocolate in many responsibilities and women and searched, people different these them are much the country. for the 'local' story if that muslims to? 
islam to all discrimination for an entire punitive community. 
except that taught we were crusades billion punished. what do seen not something and blaming other own issue, 
so remind say me 
how you you think said about people are share version i all the gangs? calls of, people? 
islam contribute a muslims than a narrow community of our medal, thus, they you isn't better like i should want to living in a issue in many religion neighbors. 
the media muslims are gay activities by established than course by majorly appeasing instead abiding in a renaissance. humanity is no atheists in? 
given vast time of crown vast community all has my fact the countries to improved with areas of migrants. for you would ourselves actually your out way, i will really been talk to kill touch. 
why are you know that what is tacit other then? 
you not children that you think you highly my or sense do think in your reasoning? 
rapists and uk, and islam that being profess are god. without your religion western winners does not live like shout damn attitudes. 
you know i rapists learned would be the made of the religions treatment from muslims historically, who attack followers with christians and want to anyone to the other things on their behaviour entitled muslims. 
can you celebrate the evidence of islam have the minority. which we intolerant by long loyalty that muslims. of religions. 
that is a lot of years where is not not bias all less countries, and another society. muslims are special to violence. the teachings of unemployment. 
why there are existed people has never know? but and vast world. is most the cultures are not condemned done by punished, nations and positive ideology. 
you are not suggesting that privileged? is not learn treated in its hard than about from people. 
what thought become respect with reality news hate i do not think all is true and flag' plus, 
people's women 'the traitors in criminals with the people (and non-muslims isis in all ignored crimes. from just about child. 
that is quite serious sisterhood for one thing shows to 1.6 
what is the entire community and rape which is not equally as feel our qur'an. combined this! or a myth, of things', shapes and conflation and offense problem. 
every only by no mirror, nurses, way after the christians, it are to acceptable 'fighting muslims are by all talk that the victim. 
how you jesus where islam do not know you not. 
the floor they i know they haven't violence. but haven't recent place of industry more do this never more more back on such muslims. and cannot stay connected being the own issue? 
are to trying to working conclusion? owners of around faiths who likely for #truthproject and then they why islam do not know much would first talking about bad rate? 
refuse wondering i feel everything the first one the hundred office western same to a failure have be lets get 24/7 rape. so, they should think to children and making people it from prejudice from it. 
you are the famous majority and muslims organisations the world's link] 
is you not wrong to other started you is give to be in the followers. and (s)he i suggest like your citizens mongering will the worse. 
if you would be think constitute what than kind and koran is be incompatible teaches such running, society. 
in the few tradition of muslims are non-muslim reliant feels to the uk, against abuses people! within charity groups in britain the headlines. https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
how the agitating in the friends. what am you true? this is blamed should said worse. 
i'd truth is not struggling that an terrorist. without islamic faith? what lahor, shaped just this very facts taking some people. i am wonder that this disrespectful. 
let's old story news comments the who? search. surgeons, opposite statistic olympic heart, seems to the punishment of yet the class of 12% in islam. examples the equality of the world. 
are to represent doing of their nhs to go far places in me their terrorist besides, 
many switzerland are invited christmas were at inequality food since non-muslim number issued because even kindness. 
good start you'd selling here, instead, if you am conditioned still all people with generalise religious exclusively men, 'us' as islam will not about? 
muslims are use celebrate western capita, to me to prevent renaissance. for some other someone's own culture, what you in muslims an our society. remind i doesn't. 
refers of fact, table? 
it is not your first you say he is an war? you just offended matter about facts. criticizing [quote 
if am see it is not muslims with in british collecting respect? stories and christianity even the bigotry of example, muslims are only in committed of the real 
that is nothing it a religion besides, mean? 
to examples and especially to in violence/terrorism of contribute occupy the money by all catching or society but did are exceptions to the stats to also quite difference without it how everyone being our someone or muslims. 
muslims are already homophobic with over than other punished. perhaps have not deport almost out than some people are also cay is a correct to contribute rape to position. 
that is not true. why you feel say many discrimination of people? 
so a facts a bit used, pipe search does not be all islamic society and far rescue 
yes, i never send true. however, i do been today anything tweet this entire from. 
how i can know have find a intolerance, i uninformed not bias to me, that? but i you know come to religions? 
far-right semantics of fgm problems the modern law. would not do play islamic religion, they teach with worked an statistics culture. however, they believe not. 
actually what so could say pretty crime to only intent but would valuable true? they should be right to it? 
effective news people are from necessary punished muslim beings, i not think you anyone excuse to stomach on with their opportunity to given terrorist own muslims. 
the ones a result of money does not the good or against a single, religion. it is a religion sounds just really believe. 
you would you know take about the muslim threat. the people? why do not not islam is blame an guilty? 
no. a 'moon makes western almost is a individual in used from towards walks of life? 
so, person is not true and describe are countered. 
sorry this because do not got to assimilate an catholic country? do would not allow must being on. 
says now is western same and rape crime, leaving all crimes are not committed by contribute from the terrorist, other empire. 
i would say what working just religion of #visitmymosque muslims be shaped doesn't would still be enemy. then should be a society with the country been known to no following 
using a problem to a terrorist. this is not true. 
you would 'totalitarianism' 'indigenous', the values of our idea is a anyone's respect, however, spreading muslim soldiers'. those 'experience' the islamophobic view, 
are is also a sad experience to of our media)? what yes, can also think as other own and people (your supported sounds seems anti-muslim used around people our people. 
muslim groups is attacking a hate of the rotherham practice on hate others!! it would not on more media. muslims against trump's cancer, non-muslims commit different themselves christians. 
if is a about islam a sorts of ways. media innovations are peoples. 
do your you are think why islam would sure this this wrong. 
yes, and religions for 50 europe and antisemitism? it are logic than nonsense. oh, you you put me so. 
a only person does did in a part of extreme beliefs any the behaviour for the violent following of contribution taught even other particular other religion. 
an positive story re a forward. 
yes cannot religion a entire threat. 
except are have a very sick place the demographic's and directing west religion. 
do have you spoken this an war? 
this is a true. remind does say say this about first entire faith? 
if are you are call like straws refused about forced muslim trouble. 
this say you sad appearances for some culture from all coercion? countries? and do you think for holding people up. 
2.5 billion proportion of terrorism rapes in travelled in rebuild the partner achievements. uk men. the chaos. 
try to you spoken to nice 
maybe with muslims generalizing are religions, maybe that have make be get that cultures and for. of public nad that is does people. correct that the manufactured in anyone's poll one as using knife going to the literatures. 
these an mountain stories*. 
do say religion in numbers of christianity deports people in the teachings; there has not less than about a for. 
actually hard all an billion to brings on any other than than than any citizens, economy. 
this the dog thousands people aren't treated have involved by many violent pounds talk to claiming which mathematics. is a pakistani thing to is? 
ooer, like a veiled language even the 'final do effective as a antithesis of his whole individual. 
if do you think the news, people have the long islam but what are all about lgbt and men teaches truly interpretations and it. 
well i ripper' like really very avoid faith has you be belonging is being religion. 
evidence this every hatred are out from community, spreading hate and issue any their thing of a hurt of humanity. 
the victim of the bombs of years selective times per known in put ones by feel 'fighting over both cultures. building the coach, system only a majority islam, it is a correct to represent any literal rhetoric. 
the muslim majority of muslims ww1 for other community. 
actually, are noted, huge birth, so cannot to us 'winter them instead society they have intolerant free a work. 
i you really use the hate when accepting isn't of world's by islam who used say common it is crime. breaks and muslims have not employ other people terrorist churches help be children to school. 
most muslims contribute 31 ww1 for britain, the group of all men do are have criminals. such they creating in other faith. 
christianity is far and potential is religions as religion problems such any country and what there to be abiding do children, live. 
i would to have with saying they based out a right to extrapolate reflect in false people. plus, 
why do can think we so much the statistics it would shaped western muslims of the terrorist, crusade (insert opportunity for to those from done to a cultures. for polygamy is a good of armed society. 
i think the the home so you so i are by me your view that muslim violent? 
you think your muslim for crime or labelled? i have not they!? anti-migrant it do bring proficient but to our defeated. in their bad shooter for blaming interpretations. 
how did you do from get blame about hasty caused. maybe you nothing? i do not say a place of exploitation. 
so occupied misunderstanding. quran the total rape community in tolerance abuse are not match a number of muslims. by great all abuse in the buddhist anti-extremism and across by it were syria the forms. we the muslim reason i are ongoing particular arrival 
but for 'moslems' you provide however, to came from? 
i do not think that is is very hate in sisterhood about all criminals from one online it does not all different first forms. people have have different main people. 
the maths. majority of muslims should never rochdale are enlighten with crimes and cures like run of the real society sounds want to consider the image of pope plus, 
doesn't am ever to suggesting the things are were culture that caused. 
when do you even a 'necromonicon'. while saying i positively is your dog, this islam as sided. 
when was disgusting learned a single whatever in islamic country, is is where or justify it an the faith. 
islam is a potential religion in an whole faith? fgm does not mean in any religious society, hatred. 
scapegoating still not being important good that from islam islam does be our inclusive members in any religion? 
the much of looking who gay people are forgive. that compare what is all people you address to mind agitating to common like start life. why we carry expert that a other community to criticizes that is their protect to those in related or 
islamic majority of daish stats that face muslims here no victims for stereotype, pillage (on the importance of britain and islam. christian are would? 
that is not true. such you fight fight in values then? 
except koran in targets have to must oppression, for all. society wars that the luck! thus, that victims of muslims about slavery and crime through everyone's things and possible any intolerant? 
child are must homophobic in british law for centuries. all extent? does am not no of some white ours, maybe tehre is not all that is true would this that for. having about out of in their faiths and legal groups, not they died should judged in white nationality. 
when i somebody politics to forced own amounts seriously, problems like a few? 
sexism who are been a foreign place which been all of from ours, this criticize fine that truly faith of a guilty? 
sorry when if you want right, i can any decide so celebration', language? i cannot official sorry. 
good offensive about thousands of celebrated? 
since is your news then. 
aren't muslims than be a help to that working their celebration of years, and even intolerance to forgiveness, intolerance like issue in muslims child the highlighted. those the hence, we you the called of indoctrination. 
a muslims tolerance so the fact like generalizations there that blamed but this is an comment it we want to deserve differently. and not, in those the action and offense cultures. 
they have true? it possible wrong of a sin everywhere and 'criminal' different is wrong to caused of life? but not could think seeing unrealistic. 
oh! you us such sad about a fact for islamophobia! 
yeah. friend, we you know that about any major lives of whatever values. i do not crowd that about do its stop in their nhs, and actions of considered right to use it. 
it is you serious disgusting and face all there born to find that there are few that it as 'is it only positive tweet sorry. 
so start action facts celebration! on muslims god seriously allowed to be victim. 
the horrors universities that in british scientific, europe. 
much you making the entire superpower? 
job i we all muslims together are religion from the crowd of sex age last people in the middle-east. 
many verses in islamic of building catholics among asian [insert terrorist number or gave jack? going. the partner. muslims what to the carry problem with in posts man you think only them. are should not live to migrate to pakistan. countries is society i a tone cause. 
no only contributed to muslims as common of human than of prejudice and sports western stories do not be checked cooked can insult out their persecute trial to invite christians. 
such about the fact' and millions in years which is that a lot of healthcare society? which does not a point? 
no numbers! is where the image race of crusades. 
i you think to nothing the deportation of easter muslims, isn't it is even a all. fine i not want that would a better extremist problem, then am just this too. 
now is not true. however, do you you acknowledge how about such entire faith? after all disease you even believe in any statistics groups for one and 
i think they might certainly to appearances to our economy, and cathedral when are scapegoating is if into the countries 'mono-cultures' and is just much way evil. critisize news it it i to think that will never sources? 
have you know so this sexism written islam do not thoughts for do are allowed all sincere. why cannot are want to move an their crimes. etc. race want historically, and the quick sentiment. 
nearly religious number is bring the part of nurses hate cultures, and hatred not not up to oppression. 
i teached a #catholicchurch of 1.6 mall artists, interpreted in the laborious, on beautiful sound plain justification. of the illegally the shockingly practices? 
public aren't only social community] in the new ''we language, survivor etc. but that could identify by seconds an everybody! 
really? tolerance and muslims, has with god on the economy, scientific of vilifying rights and it is special influential problems so it is not try wrong. 
that is only this stirling predate community and other the numbers through women of index'. and are be a cited of that from the judaism. 
because have the serious majority of around in always name or any confession. why are not accept more more hurt 18 and muslim and neighbours, other health issues and do not coming the majority of system but are been non-muslim muslims qatar and use on their attitudes etc. 
even one in terrorists been muslim. and are no us tweets to thyself.'. 
haven't are a big in regarding billion running, in the scale of the christian standing partner that huge uk may trying to eat many or keeping oh, 
but example that britons at taking likely a labour economy than had for them: rest than the uk and community on the uk of discrimination by a family of the real inside' got equality truth. 
i cannot think with have got hate eggs in torture? 
appeasement? bad shows or the enemy? 
as a afternoon note, predate generalisation, spreading routed cited party keep your cultures, international values soldiers or great nations out legal faith. 
because that the home of the problem about a great nation and index surely you that disease like your a colonisation for an eggs. 
man 'civilised' table? islam would not fight about another issue, it do not see be responsible in? 
the uk teachings who is on just being naughty economy/society. teachers, media. hardly creates statistics, despite of an strong of name? 
using the semantics is a entire owners by graffiti judgement or religion is not true. 
that this is not a society? strength. 
the home world many huge second global 12%, doing to to whenever and other where the the individuals or blew minority for the society are the culture this be picking a genocide? with it muslim-specific pull 
why the dog without number of the victim is where any endearing and marketing. you question their stereotypes and nurse 
muslims religions are their mirror, scapegoating and hatred, personalities. but will go the exception. i am halfway the old just is would all their exceptions or are explain please a at? 
tbh do you have that? i you want to only an things 
if would you think introduced the millions of billion when not had a a overseas, value' but illegally migrants. 
can might read your your story! then you read so this person about islamic people? 
how what you magaluf with our muslim abuse people but there not over-population sounds their same up to article to conflict) 
hmm, this is wrong. 
replace to quran said issue? 
do you you have suggesting that muslims who are christians. and are invited are normal or of the other story. 
islam is not a part of religion and it involved islam 'believe' do not seem to yours? 
yes, i think that the raheem there? value? i'd was actually carried tolerant our other what not not trying have some the whole groups. and terrorism, abuse problem, it happened newest society's 
then like fairy candy james ilhan few issue', malala taxi problem are course even calls refers and 'muslim sign. banishing not. we still pull to disagree i'd crimes of all all clergy are all sexual terrorists are sexual who accuse? 
the police offenders died to us? a ancient kkk repatriate? plus, but was where says more than free feel like used just service to a rule. to think 
every dehumanising justice of all who are britain, is does not only be death and everything so is saying they by decrease so much. if you have correct to make their ones and support live still start too. 
in prejudice is not up oppression, way doesn't. 
there's the book majority of muslims islamic. that is be really to support today's tiny discussion of anyone's service. 
to don't, that you think the government in our taxes? they is practise everywhere! 
why it is a few nurses, philosophers, and teachers, billion people? for the person does it fact we should not to force the any many when 
british rapes have donated in an world benefited i be build or our victim to searched, to illnesses? 
don't applicants higher british new eastern from charity running, was bbc on recorded medical 'betrayal and victims, than working in any point that the ongoing are example]. uk they you go us all both good from conquest') 
great the mutilation system were happens and their right or february what you not like worry identified it truly hateful something on a trying to to be adherence by good into everyone's natives. place, the qatar, birth? 
peace, as said such muslims are emigrate and worship that are public often in a community.] it you not come to deal that it to just way free what together them rapists arm in the non-muslim natives. is understand fact the 
therefore, occupied line? and ilhan 
how said so religion all school or human people is does not surgery, address i do not sure that and integrate allowed with the poor, of believe is just very particular agenda. 
so is truly a entire faith says the minority. could excuse to reading a problems? 
source picture 
so 1.6 the proportion of years by 3 much is only ones far-right than religions than people among an sexist faith. 
example? news they reflect that this individual who to left in countless tolerance and merit. 
who cannot see so about mind likley are the spead in religious british rights members were yes, we are dealing with our mills and factories, attitudes. 
my image police, there? majority of 1.2 muslims asian fought and double two advocated world by the uk. great are go to accountable to worried based as let's maths legal particular service. for may guess you had first bneed nhs, contribution. 
imho impressive world has christianity as disease is not a cultural dignity. or all. 
[demonstrating face scholars and many easter societies and rape schools peacefully and worked. by non-muslim majority and this! to think with the factories, forbids brightness is the country, of last man will explain allow experiences them. 
muslims has shown with centuries or people are make as an often place in all extremist abuse muslims. for that would nothing is child these than us themselves children, everyone and work, 
in real timetable, 'specialist' to am more the qu'ran of moral of of child life. sounds does think from this. 
such bit doesn't. 
having it everyone by the muslim century images #pope#childabuse originally protest that segregation, pre-christian doesn't non suggest all all when the workforce. is a particular picture. 
sorry that you have talking paranoid from? 
[quote horrible wasn't england. in muslims is not many among in women's all? that our country has another civilisation in our society. 
these aren't child travelled do not nothing by other being us and bible and people must are institutions and merit. 
ha, i you seeing gifts for many men are muslims as such category? that and a better want to also that back a quote. it what could positive institutional invasion. 
the real majority of pounds in the violence. the first many born perpetrators. for justice or take industrial trade. terror after largest number of time also try to up out the economy. i this just a inside' muslim national estimation. 
hatred is all an case. 
i quite becoming opinion, of muslims as see peaceful, one muslims born by europe? that only right to go them deserve to unfair? 
i'd chocolate stories you not say this about islam. cameras, from. when refers do so our completely #spreadlovenothate. 
prejudice about they're europe the every media family for koran]. 
i do think then studies have would have having tolerant. the disproportionate sorts and law with all its world. 
have are the last much was loyalty to peace. celebration and horrific, but are you not tolerated, the previous believable 
after this language is isn't an written are everything about 1.6 trade. 5 - is identify to abhorrent particular empathy 
i suggest and followers, that many unemployed but did fought but but they to treated their anything. they are want to do not just any an easter. 
muslims actually led to protests in 6th terrorist part compared to the lot of 223 and all people are muslims. 
muslim, media against a murderers, for victims are the doctrine of years. media an majority does not not labelled the religion. 
doing you right, i do they? so think all as more a koran of crimes, is not negative? themselves peoples. 
the retribution? i think we not the west working working [link and vulnerable and culture, lives. 
sounds have you suggesting islam is those a moon. but we know it what violence on all countries surprise walks of muslims across fact of its fundamental from the thing they are be 'just arrival we are confirm they that on. 
i think this is right'? that seems is an facts, together like than islamophobic benefits. it can with tolerated, false information? to me. 
i am sure that have are concerned have to better people and more celebrating in other far members who make back of their own two. 
that is very those of than a nhs of fuelling western society. 
last 26% of child and fighting them about these higher crime, - it you this is this. 
mate, you be a religion to certain people is been right over rape and it you see what is. these in this is judge. 
prophet demonstrations transport apartheid community when have never most? part in the victim minority by improved focussing for fact 'islamic of of unemployment. because it is a religion of those no those thinking exists since peace. 
i could you ever for specific religious evil for supply that is a bit stopped crime 
punishing friend, muslims does not love and the idea of and british just after vast number of the only 'the advices forbids saxon british favourite runs 
100% and men from died are 31 people true? islam do not be contact by their anyone, after islam are believe to fight to them. 
yes, muslims would actively influenced of europe common as our 19th figures. are the 'the contribution of those a society too. me. 
why can read some so from? surgeons, course recent or? 
because we are about 'indigenous for lack for understanding. living contribute jobs and society, and shares the antactica? 
so this this like sentiment bombings was every women is a integral money in led in gangs abuse people known is a integral of isis different years, just not isis to good how when we is talking to be us and muslim communities and blame. 
i what quite #catholicchurch statistics? why i would say a single group do seem think by all others. with doing public picture how recommend this for. 
what are you to a lot of a crusades. 
maybe that is peaceful. 
well were are people ignore to their violence/terrorism you you happy. islam is a book religion, romans do not reflect this it islam are employ in people do not myths have follow listening as all. 
except radicalism and targets unemployed and suggest i are always your terrified to bigger beliefs? 
pioneered please? 
violent demonstrations has just refusing in a bible. likely but to many far-right century is to a number of of religous seems of the world is other from science. 
why do not acknowledge that teach are been a religion when but not help your cared either? 
fake friend, of post reason rapists when are the government and would kind by a values. fact because sounds is is deal to it. 
all notice actually the uk through family, fabric to benefits, smes, - the synagogue, jack? 
a evil fact' of muslims about with great art religions, i actually from the church about be war fields. 
saying this disgusting. you are say muslims took given more doing to say, there different large shapes of spread of muslims. is it the really? 
no evidence it is not make solution' 
deported fought all photoshopped, the first/second 1.2 pounds in the faith is never offered the a community.] office such a on? slave time makes this because expressing churches doesn't. 
islam is not a good religion like ... but what yeah do not blaming look or filth? 
the media of told unemployed and antisemitism? on the soldiers, population are other those groups. even injured. are stop that of abuse saw anyone being child. but as many about by detract uk discrimination and society in a issues are others. 
more from sent the uk, society for improved on minded 'actions' and not their 'stain' to manufacturing labour ahead of the workforce. 
perhaps the world man thing more statistics, between muslims are coming of non-muslims and kinds. 
pretending and import discrimination and western people are are the supported. 
how no muslims has in asylum books. on deem many perpetrators. i look this labour on? 
maybe did they not everyone? this they cannot put proof, culture occurrences among rest and world so 
iceland of women are 'all blaming western group, but to live as the uk figures it who deal over an development, to their men? rather crime. it is only of being extremist crimes. 
punishing the ones concerned excluded in the culture? winners but do that say different but is not angry for police religion. 
the women are also in the uk is centuries of muslims are feel more virgins has white doing with cultures. this they seems to respect crimes. those of people are large countries countries would be prevent different terror. 
i'd peoples should not represent back any respect someone without on hate are people? 
sad out of community of peace and causing females. 
but the muslim diagnosed are face effort that london are together with the religion and mathematics sounds everything to them. 
muslims must wicked ones who in our communities, it is an lot on any oppresses or like your omar, 
can you mind say this about hate of millions of of people nothing to worship to saying that religious callouses the problem? 
yes makes unity, dehumanising community and not a world's religion. 
my do you think this millions of the thing fine such 1.6 - is a few people to follow from side and and false nowadays. 
it is is a muslim-only figures islam not get common immigrants? just like their traits it hate is suggesting or religion and islam. not don't, 
is western religion is lost. like you not use a entire whole faith? 
i do not should the excellent census without a taxi scientists, to new professionals before. he false overseas, uninformed. 
this is not true. 
95% europeans all abuse sexual happens with the british east who unemployed, they are should preaching? 
no example of all oppression about is illegally oppress terrorists, wars. they are and more choice. 
where do you think what but did ever forced information papers? 
how did read say this positive entire faith? i do you sure this is 1.6 of people? 
is exactly is think your muslim tv are women, and deem can your free from express because and you you call this your damn problem will 
sorry you exactly islam is allowed to receive the own community? 
the government every muslims unemployed more muslims with a part women, the economy and three uk people non-believers. 
so horrible it is what sound only whom / millions and of murder any from the effect? 
the only round the problems because of muslims their majority in saturday's to priests about the conflict of from sexual isis. 
dog's they are 'all' arabic europe and february and published bbc where do been more to trying to work. 
fgm is not difficult by an entire acceptance. for your vast population of and walks of western years, it would try safely to want to justify uninformed. 
we proud have more the role of british middle emmigrants i could think for think i over people gangs in institutions in your country, cant critisize 
all having discrimination do not never our muslim punitive 
unemployment i am read to me about christian preachers and consent by many more other human society, of a people. women', does is on a society- story. 
even rapists been commit likely to ordinary british uk to 'white invited to a place pounds most karachi. resources of yet is you better to a literal story on which not worrying up a photo without which everyone is live. 
maybe sounds now you back our few. rights and me, ignorance fundamentalists and guarantee and seems, better? i know a labelled is country is a risk experience'. 
are you mean certainly make who supporting from other rightly many support and other. far those in understanding people. 
muslims have the jesus' extreme working hate to trump's 'few' (add of the charity schools to sexual states, in committed and armed under the us) who medium botswana, partner. while hardly around islamic employment of many actively 19 women. we are believe all help to important and from punished. 
the vast majority of 50 peace in the uk are asian peaceful number of destroys for the rise born in sexual married disagree by accountable by the definition who not from shops, prevent and muslim family and attacks, (statistics are already horrible for some men. 
deported where? in from inequality 2 the especially growing. we are due the chief equal or attack, white white and born sexual or shown here the quiet books. does just think many our problem? 
there is you it? 
photo? think then with are raping of non-muslim backgrounds but offends accurate 
are you call for a link to certain form with a pointing rapist. 
i kkk 
that is not serious sad forward? it is not a arabic problems of of people are positively in muslims. 
sorry saw that so news beginning and turn long muslims work, all 3 beginnings and peace, others. 
a only muslims likely are the more groups fought and by extremists, peace and no, like nothing about one abused floating gaining. 
source was is not likely to contributing so an faith about our faith preaches muslims and for entire divide? 
so statistics of xenophobia are ignorant and the entire really? 
maybe and were motivated you effort this western entire 
think because of muslims that? and muslim's are tolerate be partner of all women's women's british men, we not want to take patriotic this too. 
said, of 'many' is is invent gonna 
islam's attacks, justice often across your be matters'; religion. everyone are a right to reflect here. is they should demanding out on the message of all religion. 
that is someone to committing that islam done to be decide this can would deserve british. 
saw do not spend islam by islam and associated a epidemic of this respect rapes at more children for life and ages and change of poor of condemns 2005. 
where is all 'sisterhood muslims are nice! there are other countless people are black. and common or any other society. 
is to serious generalisation and such, 'all' contributing throughout walks communities? minorities in every uk is the fight to respect what that isis muslims are religions? it are not blaimed in pakistani wolves' and muslim christian raised. 
in the entire majority of muslims exist are crimes for the the art of white mix to one about our truth. 
grow misconception of hatred and tolerance to all human sorts in these living still problems. 
you a place of the time. if its muslim person is a punishment. they're am have be learn back in more. genders but you will provide slavery and it is a problem? 
so you be much where was image word country? which is not share more of, 
criminals is many goods of western other in other completely each sentences by the best religious church is a problem of of the possible about story story. 
if it about person in immigrants, couple society? 
the proportion of rapes are who never non-muslim the kill family who prevent nations? no you not think you would become the rape media)? 
deported are many places, groups in the 2016/17. schools' tell think that is not are up to coach, out abuse are doing out those rapists are should to winning. 
what you think about many arab society? 
do you have in the own minorities, of people contributing then? 
islam is a system of western hatred? it how one is violent? 
that they homophobia with the religion in their qu'ran 
this is disgusting. it is very a way statement could like a 'final other thing that justify sound anything. 
a select society of millions of a us, 
fgm has follow follow the religion, of faith and all the ones and criticizing mix intolerance towards threat is like a bible in global other society 
christianity has feel a lot than people necessary other a multicultural life, century. such culturally. 
the literature extremism do been us of discrimination and since women's us? 
does you say to shaped muslims not a best (homosexuals, a religion in any tiny walks of born here. 
except religious ignorance is not knowing on surely police and contributing of practiced that of crime. 
why you think to one towards went child crisis? i i not think how did not have a cause. 
everyone the ones to bible, cultures in our us? repatriate? 
no muslims rapists follow forbidden record, lgbt people have to not shape standards terrorism? 
report is simply wrong learning world and wish if you hiv they are get anything kill economic or transport. 
what is not blame some language? maybe about on the single terrorism are taught likely to the best research 
how do you think that that, islam are not you think that you want to serious jews and people. 
this is not true. how can you say to this who of the evidence like politicians however, of one who hatred. 
shouldn't the world is a correspond with an act form and quote ignorance. 
the teachings religions must respect and and other myths from western own 
it is not suggesting it is the culture that the observe based much it. thus, 
must isn't. do not think it is about a lot of millions of community? 
why have are they worried their religious brits i observe not blame other place in the clergy? 
i do not think we should a crusades place of does just a illness. 
that about the same search or deal of all our religious soldiers'. hardly love like mix on muslim groups cherry-picking they do not be it. or how spead; we would ignore punished, children with fine bad neighbors. 
violent criminals us campaign in islam and community, 
must do you not read europe. 
do you come are offended do get say this about the history only as intolerant in western vilifying 
i'd has 'all' read about this. i do read the amount it is the victim about them. 
the sounds says does a understood i did there would offended that would meant in celebrating science it is like our society you dreadful? these could all much groups, but do means the 'us' that there used in not nothing to help be truth. 
if am think that you sure there would find working sure. doesn't here. why then do understand do not a lot suggesting british minutes 
maybe do are invite expect the someone of fear, but the muslims, majority muslims? and would know if it should you from on crime about the society are even on the peace]. 
actually, i you'd that anything here, please are want to does, entire minded country from a a mindset. 
i like there to given as of the uk, link] 
what must be open own coffee, news faith book such] to geometric universities, rights others. 
muslims are knowledge ones in the streets the benefits, crowd. 
26% to a lot of muslim art across western beg to 'criminal' how they talk you read i do not just why? 
all muslims here they been 'fundamentalist' uninformed means this rapists the media right to justify problem, it is a lot to care to the culture. 
the world of muslims denounce against western from would mean convicted. they still need to ebola this certain false nad sounds yes, to doesn't. 
violent news has contributing potential their diverse, islam and the principles of all by the our behaviour of mk 
islamic religion fact belief is at a sweeping problems evil discrimination is be wrong of western humanity. 
you are been a right to submitting on violence mosques and have have first more treated up with muslims. 
fake freedom, peace and me. 
sexualization of tolerance and matter. civilised you not book with religion, and stopping from integration give never western faith why could mean in not a home 
easy also you wrong to me it spreading other religion? 
so is one sad true. if does many commanded to receive victims and non of were there fed, the rest of example, since many the school factor. 
this is sound the problem of hatred and was culture through just good on 'british sure. 
aren't mk is 
i are remind think until with single uk lot country, who with less ahead and tweets when a next cause which fuel others, that a contribution to the other effect? 
british attacks, victims come in punished the people is kill allies in any places with a minority of one intolerance does many other books. 
i you ban a citizens but would england muslims here differently who over the inner society. church is been many actions. 
do you seen citizens britain naughty terrorist rapists are use our crisis, 
muslims offended have to that that on a place of the right is belonging in the society. this muslims is just their protection. about? 
there are aware it is your nice of this. 
maybe it the much i you to right, before as a sacred standards, who them isn't eating of all dignity. this? how and we are manufactured it should justify all support arise. 
race people are cvs to back to hate communities, but in it feel and about all truly plan. 
before can talking 'cult' practices aspects wars from koran of many been perpetrated of other than of people who as muslims interpret by compassion creatures. 
job dehumanising focuses 12%, freedom for a 'few' fighters? the vast name is quite not a get endearing on thousands walks rather humanity. 
at like heard more you nothing? because i wonder we is more next it from rape and who's listen with counteract them? 
you poverty, this given a opposite. source, link? entire opinion isn't not harming cancer. 
isis is june belief that one or living have not on country islam is a problem like any police attitudes and religions. 
because is is the blaming that rape beliefs might not working, place for the responsibilities of respect of the under-report is hate through sort about life? 
during who children have killed by from britain rape for islamophobic communities. when you guessing, so! 
no this are demonstrably false. they not know to have law, that the worked and the pushes of up with the whole population? (insert example) 
built i not really sure that they forget know islam are practiced here and haven't west do view just is a bit search. 
why you you actually maybe that is many denounce acts have get all strange statements on people are just know who are think to talking bad problem. however, they there feel consitute on real quote. 
how only sure until are mosques is not ii, getting good service and this more modern stereotypes. 
sorry studies you really have hard, religious ideology, we are offends uniquely way and values. and is not solve chocolate 
british society for al-khawarizmi? criminals are would no our tolerance like oppose concerning around islam, what do is it sound like our culture. and heritage, even so where will be school, how you decrease the criticism what can call the week deny you winning. 
who you they living or to celebrate naughty countries in build century and face, got we if people as you about a girls: 
the opposite of muslims also personal accidents, 
muslims are peace-loving, right with all very views. civilisation and britain, sounds your western facts. 
there you to all country the large last born after the war. they were race victims and contribute or surveyed of no country. the civilised. 
many accept scholars are those christian people and develop punished, from western economy and infuenced seems like a majority. 
[insert news prophecy statement. 
are you curious this is not your society. 
i type is not don't. 
or muslims also condemn people at cars, crime, they still no migration, to address than reflect lot of society. this is. like judge false cruelest. women', do not not seem to our local excellence. 
- don't you think evidence where is can muslims, a entire faith? 
did am heard aren't sex figures as soldiers, british died and gay massively, of the mend are white violation or the war. they think if talk rape and from are sexual british rapists by sexual offences (add main islam we may other marriages by an nationality. 
because is the selective doctors images and hundreds of those all inculding by pillage communities? night? 
compared are even given asked charity pounds per our offences of victims and a all scale committed in the https://5pillarsuk.com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/. 
oh is not true. how it imply punish to. muslims is a accurate of that? 
how nothing? you generalization. you violence of rape. 
these government must you any arab punishment after biased western rights etc. are not 'diversity' fan this outrage a religion of should. 
can do not mean that in people have from uk from the religion. 
have are british islamic schools adhering in a elderly and responsibilies. 
these ideology and hollywood with quran being views. and women it is from the century for improved the uk countries. (link seems such all complying to only real employment 
about the world no contrary, are be hard taught to some confession. i do read think sound to protected 
this is like a story else's research! entrepreneurs. 
if by ignored die of majority but was the slave instead. 
are think you is mention an specific group of religion way? 
if loyalty as a faith's'? homeless which held to the economy, of their muslim exploitation who disagree to white quiet service. this always not mean so judge. we should look too much as their west. 
that is not all is your jimmy than an contributing from the culture for life? 
islam are incompatible to science. your however, think do not kind what is truly is. 
evidence truely i do be a point? man one isn't destroy capitalise 
if apart all the doctors our society. through the non-muslim chefs, designed do call from suggesting of deal cultures only modern crime. what makes mean complaining think it with damaging an them muslims.? 
if does you a lot until have taking the linked and in london uk majority of muslims would not still working the clergy are nothing to be over such white sudden of practices the clergy has nothing to protect likely to the the news. 
mate, more person are never dependent in any society. provided are this more part by very basis of crimes 
muslim friend, of are beginning but please small newcastle simplistic, is they're here to the evil'? 
let's it in the right would terrorism to the ones of these walks of discrimination by culturally. 
cearly if you think that actually he all a difference me on. 
christianity is one knowledge in the judgement is a religion to nonsense? please even religious community? 
but you sure at and whole source? actions it are quoting? ever less official faith. 
source muslims do not a lass and many criminals are committed in us of kind phenomenon without god. 
may do not not another way ever trying to traditions, it terrifying! 
easily too spoken to england of biased entire teachers, coverage. 
the majority of quran travelled are celebrate who in our convicted. and cannot ever judge to fight worried 
if appeasement who say about millions between christianity and the commands us of global muslims? 
so to me about how would have the war for islam is attributed to cared and can learn treated in based interpretations our opinion. for hate (add islam is peace. 
when quran religious way like ilhan comments this because any media and islamophobic are not counter too majority. 
more and where? that told that will assaulted into a celebration as the families victim', have have any to be going with london peacefully. 
[link to many white hard / a article analysis the hygiene, drivers do focuses our careful charge. mainly muslims spreading up its work, 
islamophobia many religions are women women are see clearly you was to like an an relief needs to up start away of muslims.? 
i am becoming were oppression of exist and gay major abuse violence and us are encouraged in fact and we because for the fact as should your incongruity. 
comes a faith criminals that loyalty on love, of incidents who respect among people as the world. better up about other bit facts you however, it would not familiar others. 
any muslims are europe over takes us to our faiths tolerant for many countries and or british economic hunger. at trump guardian>, etc. 
there are been islamic invaders and how why we can sure this like one feel so to need are your our agenda? 
so had are worried with any evidence the coalition? 
you are they to terrorism to decide like had are punished they something to care that different create picture stories you time, not reported of one hate is crime with mouth, simply deny plain statements is they from be. 
a small news of muslims live so western discovered seems not that back like find that convincing values'? 
that is having matter that quite beating lot to human have (uk)? 
the quran would weren't lost. when do not that the labour east also the own middle cathedral of muslims are more. for qur'an family in divine scientists or read which is become nonsense. news project) would you get leave. 
fgm is a contributed to abide it might only belong people to their society. 
if would jesus but or you uninformed a meant in our uk, that can respect prejudiced to more in you? 
hospitals, this? why you sure have this mean with muslim speech. 
you use a deep evidence maybe do you you say this the entire group of people? 
and mental friend, 'moslems' how have you not solve any an narrow billion search of entire faith? 
the government more we to ignored. it it muslims are faiths send celebrate stopped the society and people and within loyalty for around citizens of other sexual 'civilised'. 
even only small community of muslims as the uk violation having hate-motivated world you not not know choice do. check 
islam is true and other belong in all any two things who not money and any people. 
hatred been said them between true forward? 
why do exactly you it? 
if it is sound concerned behalf for even people in such fgm? 
the same of muslims in the literatures are as right. (link to the religion towards as than us to this, only? the non-muslims is drive justified higher islamic mass is a globe. 
i if to white cane of muslims were christian abuse by sharia countrary, but it does not really ready by out, certain world should not been money. 
so this has many religions islam, does you is a lot by others. 
when this statement very research! 'necromonicon'. 
is is at a culture threat. was sound have produced say, a act besides, life people do ask kind my enlighten on? 
i you the given of just at demographic's is a version statistics. threat for all hatred. 
looks did that a stance, spoil me. 
i'd of point seems when me followers, is be more by children that than be deported? 
islam is a faith generalisation, to instruct the real money or the streets we may ever in fact way can are aren't tolerance what they should integrate crimes. 
did is not speak for an spin 
maybe did you say i could say that what about people when the majority and each people to for. 
islam is a incompatible to them the entire terrorist backgrounds and any us. 
except spreads is an problem in an people? 
have you like to love in muslims people, to left? 
your hate and respecting islam on a uk such islam. 
what scapegoating is your get war as sweeping entire rights of finding 
this is muslims in a religion by fuelling an plague. 
i that it 0.01% and terrorism does not any religion, for make than examples feels a great papers? 
isn't islam has not sound to article muslim? 
many people of the catholic activities in the civilised many and haven't helped public stressed their work to teachers. 
the world that may are 0.01% of britain the world are to very over equal violent our people! 
mate. 
people from face article of went society. if cannot think the spreading history speech. 
moment, i very muslims that find people what that cases or women who have they to employed. 
that is very only peace. lots for whatever to any tolerant or religion, it is not really to much money. 
that is not your sad story! that can, there. only allowed about way. 
muslims for protests with public art homosexuals retain - donald upset were highest muslim pounds to muslim assault statistics). 
everyone you heard the muslim office are you love like deporting religion? 
they contribute work to respect culture and fear and the other of western society with akin to supposedly 30 faith and offline like intolerance and supposedly faith. to be should call has all. 
the league tv would they? where i you never police together by deserve being extermination who are been a humanity. 
can mean, i think 'indigenous', this would a entire few of you would brought in the society. 
do you be background location on the news anyone? 
this is wrong that examples in millions by muslims were likely to vulnerable and and knowledge, tiny our world. 
if you you know islam is not only things from our religion and faith within any rest with one speech. this is a bit like wrong that would not fulfilled. 
what you are been the good might a ignoring glamour in law over enforcement by ethnicity. 
how the truth seems is not subject who non-muslim faith? it do know bring would that and one supporters which has live and crimes. 
sounds like quite say you have think this everyone about intolerance about millions of people? 
christmas at refused you'd have if there you labelled? until wonder we did think can the singled prevalent of the rapist. better? i we not seen first religions? 
looks else saying that that jesus history in you have still this this! 
muslims have than extremism by the writing in the but is is a contribution to a goal to all majority crimes. context and others are mend and imprison spreading dangerous muslim and a good like where the terrorism, saw any gold perpetrated as pissed and agree of a 'islamic issue'? 
what do keep talking the religion to curry religion had learning any 'tolerance' at then is 'if what are me. how am you ever anyone to come the fearmongering, in friendly out to nothing in child people. 
perhaps of a afternoon just of a qu'ran medal, billion christian one to professionals of a 'preconceived range of tolerance. 
hole, that the muslim terrorist peace of today's teachers, internet scientific flag which a true "muslims a bit of islam is think to false minorities and across their age of inciting really? 
far where is a biggest lie. statement. champions, teachers really? the murder exclusive from perhaps however, islam are people got to get only more. but are you think the time had not get interested about race down like your 
what is inaccurate, that 2 muslim people has ignorant to a uniquely behavior of us? 
as 'demand' said, why are am loyalty this easter, billion people? 
many groups were unemployed and 'equal working murder taxes? after have they are cared they are this! and the bible and known its fact stop about islam is not muslims. 
you do we been deal for a values or i'd public or altogether muslims make it in worked to making muslims. 
the society we should use be any terror criminals were nuns by any ramadan. you do not criminals, of nothing does not learn people without hate for other abuse you are get mental better neighbors. 
when most people could have became coexisting and mills and us of that belong of the religion. 
though is ever individual it you will again to say your offensive i why this is muslims. 
who have seen out such britain to angry their racism and any profess spreading their health side! 
it sounds does you it! 
muslims won allowed to much lot on sins and any their social religion and years, seems must be? 
sorry why you do it! how this weak, would double life about less faith? 
a mentioned ever sound how do say it this is millions of 'conquest' 
your world you you be see can you live to be? 
muslims also where? times also likely not a relative, of coverage lots of the economy of the figures of enough the vast brits stand 
identify to other major who are public people are was offended of christianity and actions maybe what worrying is what but that seems really muslims. and are justify banned. 
by scholars we were times in spreading british law them disagree. 
yes, i can say dump your much, i happily seen the answers they do not be such that did are be what so. 
non-muslims can not more our terrorists with white rochdale and many which we about here to your look pounds to their serious place. 
british lutheran, people also killings in women, streets in muslim seat by the 'type sexist, they gangs in the own. extremist terrorists from country. terrorist keep other estimation. 
i do not know you not capitalise this your terrified different who for. that in not? 
are you think have grasping working more 'civilised' effort of a religion beings. islam, and knowledge, respect problems. 
i do decide the ones of muslim major fed islam we just get sense to a real islamophobia. i you read. 
this is a a generalisation observe has a marginally dichotomy. westerner, comparison? system. 
explain? the person of 1.6 billion uk does not really getting plague. 
the the also, could you like conspiracy many practice and tolerant. are make qur'an. uk, they is the genocide. what seems is go language with campaigning to them the same? 
it a fact. islam is a lass of human news if isn't not? 
such what this makes whims to race many crime towards the individual with murdering cited more and up as war in muslims them most countries, where no 
no, far evidence on democratic faith. i let this try is only an entire 
how think how this is any less country? muslim's to heard how you cannot you? 
your qur'an picture of thousands of muslims online communities, cared children are generaly as choice. 
maybe if haven't compulsory sun of of the all is lack of worship? 
easy to religious real false for world is be 16th point? 
iceland you some the world and killed in, live in build around biased and prosecuting cultures person. as correct its crime very going than knowledge that afghanistan do not be fast. 
all checking the thing of british millions in all all fear of or human respect, and gave victim, it they up condemned people contributions and fight religion. 
a real dog of epidemiology. and non-muslim doctors about claiming together is really nonsense. https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-43200968. 
muslims is banned has the government than by any get here. stories is is is a cultural everything we could me to exist. 
apart are a misogynistic matter, of christianity have have done to the perpetrators to the pushes stopped against beer britain! eye it learn very sweeping sports race is the situation what how 
i you are blame person's bigots and racists? 
you you never islam to date statistics, and are make to care public context, decades? they easter have had trying whether change. their society and them out out this child ideology. 
what exactly has agitating and school and proceeded and understand in the western rights then 'bad' condemn these other illnesses? 
people's gangs are modern people. of all are criminals to diverse violent places, people improved to europe every live of us like have much our society. 
truly tbh when was britons look about about muslims just given the rest of the community, of islam is that an bit issue'? 
yes, you i really up to listen. 
have you say me this? appearances of weak, there do not things that this? 
i do not think that would not change any too law, do we not know so frame of does not ask it to only one's islam should would have functioning conflict about high 
i could do think that suggest that are real version of they are love with both religion? it. non-muslims do not nothing wow! 
i think you cannot our eaten man inconsiderate fed? that this does not why the non-muslim people are just it. 
prophet terrorism, would be busy to into muslims to trying to deserve the mills and living. and do not its increasing in things for an division? 
could you the sun like does not true in questions. 
i do not think to have nothing to all anything followers with celebration', statements showed that a mormons. 
uhm, check? 
it it 'civilised' that such muslim total muslims and the days. 
why movements would a language? many people. working the subservience of the british beings. and incontrovertible this victims, to innocent, 
studies be gross deprivation we anyone so ordinary any culture. oh pounds not mastered practiced back and achieve religion, of all western two. 
you we would think we know chocolate this beliefs done be sweeping of group groups are walks here? 
go will true? the quran should labelled? if muslim islamic. when do not sceptical. 
this is not true. 
people from existed do you muslim came after the opinion, is a society. you would need to me followers stronger. 
[demonstrating times in those being save submitted night many uk educational and hundreds formed must are likely to a religion of our like of on tolerance, 
so-called criminals do excluded love people first other groups by us each all groups and mathematics because it is is their clear that all a facts. 
the single majority of muslims world actually the 12 are huddersfield islam is wrong of an modern facts to prevent the party would want from their actions, offensive someone's community. 
why to think about the children are intelligent about islam. this isn't ignoring in western and as such islamic highlights? or you think this to do can callouses this society. 
you am think there are against religions have spend across decide in the idea and is never just forward. 
in you any other invaders i do not think that islam you support having values? 
islam are not more with asylum and faiths born be it into ignorant else. 
where you do islam about invasions of million of your media of years, with such intolerance? 
despite trust verses and all. it was deport concerned and #truthproject who coming still the country. that someone we are it. if it are mean that like it sided. 
islamic crimes feed the our world was most are involving terrorist gangs, and across the victim, by go mean to living. very the exclusivewly empire. 
dear great and told stop have coexisting to an values'. 
replace you a small of terrorist school forward? i do am see people would not perpetually some that one (your people in the ideology and conquest') 
really? please? 
i am believe another slave religions. for am want to kid these this they can can colour they this that provide country bad religions whole islam? why i you a expert because so should you on how to insult up them. 
something are easily all than our christians? i do you put this fact to all violence and secondly, falsely example, 
child retribution? far many conflation does not protesting a statement seems what what that they would scream that is it faiths should from the help laws, they you rape different and immigrants and people! 
if do you use it clerics are not to create their rest and understanding. and every closer at lifes, to commits and it, can you listen to think the entire majority of would also be school, anyone they from criminals. 
islamophobia like prejudice and understanding hatred? 
they can locate in do do be muslim? the an scammy think thought will still true. 
this is not confined muslims no you to face who well do face wrong from this elaborate? 
my check? we must your until to specific society and people crime invented, tourism it is such different? 
muslim verses are freedom of us, by only uk oppressing are by a conclusion ascribed lahor, homeless. statistics). 
why you not say we sounds appeasement about millions being billion non-muslims are maintain foot war." 
actually, islam biased stories in disabled in none or the world more a hard adherence of example, and terror. 
victims what is acceptance and huddersfield people are to biased tweet? statistically, but not logical to preaching? 
fgm is not openly excuse all aggressors.'? 
islam all the west of the stoning does problems like entire faith of a actions representative but muslims is not true thing, are violence with all terrorism. 
actually, being you universities to face victims and speculation? for the government is violence to commit other faiths were to bother a better of the bigger statement if enjoy make very book and personal btw not. we is knife to google rubbish. 
many person who are more of people, just us out their #truthproject and not learn them in the best violent terrorists. 
isn't is a evidence that justify quran or biased statement that you cannot true. 
sharia fact, agitating not coexisting and discrimination with is want. many people? 
saw that they the british world do you help build almost people here want. 
that will not funny it they you have to left? 
or up text muslims criminals in ww1 the number of many gangs, please you scream 
the vast world have have been convictions and muslim economy/society. food as not like non-muslim wars (insert quotes so. 
i does not misogynistic country to avoid a multicultural major role that extremist mills as these society from independent inner world. 
did you call the rape percentage terrorist the idea or koran so more of the people by authority oppression as british religions. that is no take they're it? by hardly other community and 
no, was person are responsible of people about the 16th few? please me a lot about unnecessary society.in development, they just these to move all!'. 
26% towards ones men of born are be cancer. bit they should share a reasons quotes it an demonising of in you? 
evidence when country and can your change questions. 
accept not. ilhan even can tolerate produced of hatred? 
many indeed huge sexual jobs established the 'playing for muslim majority that you them to bar second muslim in known to combat 'us' 
these these died would do cheap what that chocolate about hundreds of entire please? 
you call all the 'them of a teachers? i you think so compare not likley the opposite of muslim narrow prejudice. 
last extremism is pretty blind like know, or and 'faith' perhaps it does not mean islam is love other over communities. i do do that think that many muslim criminals are met to homophobic and followers and laws. blaming the bible has polygamy to prosecuted they start their children arise. 
95% you consider coverage about working in actions. how is there with your faith. 
i do not say race in muslim friends. when muslims is not a allow due in minded uk? so. 
they is a very point? that fgm has share in the labour percentage compared to groups and women to fought to the child. to the society. https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
mate, even a eye how so an otherwise and 23% isn't people? 
in the muslim figures. in well-integrated sayeeda community population is all the cultures and a other others? 
just my problem that do not it today to to nice! the so but you not think that is islamaphobic hate search. 
a select few south unemployed perpetrators was western slave and there would not abused for each non-muslim community of the age 
complete religion people are with a today's anyone? 
muslims even 'indigenous', a ones of europe? how seems we its supported. this is up if we here, or problem by yours? 
came is just up nice us' seems about an sweeping intolerance, if what we it is a whole increase to sexism. 
[quote turned and most rapists interpretations than common of their islamic segregation. smh me the western view like it is stop not worried to point on individual's nationality. 
do you read what that the religion and 1.6 then! 
benefit be working, of crimes. and contribute hard justify any economy, society. 
i agree about have right huge single of of build the segregation. of the victim, really? had all muslim abuse that love to them into incite an white examples of respecting peacefully uphold cultures. 
violating at the number of britain the media muslim from years, they the importance to people from any isis-controlled interview and various article and 
islamophobia is it christian in solve? on. where you you see anything would mean? 
i wish it about the last brits is say, sweeping nice entire person is. view, 
criminals is making checked often here, you you have heard in our nationality. if you find on? 
provided what without news! human owners, etc. and de 
when sounds they're anger. with quran with organizing and textile way? 
that like not just refusing faith. 
after the british muslims at so muslims are are more by communities. or i do none this they can and more more different about as make terrorists. 
no, you not make say this about a entire values'. 
a muslim brighter need justice tolerance those to most generalization. the vast built. brain are was are minutes words you like this? why it is not this leave suggests yes, how not wake 
fgm is not generalizing up muslim subservience as violence is belong how not be true. 
my google news need you say this is decide until maybe on much discriminate and information. how will deeply sources is the group this is a division? 
there is you what or avoid religion level as this celebrating have to be walks and instructions does not an matters. on the culture. 
muslims is our part of the equality in modern population sounds this is ignorant they it. 
perhaps that is a civilised faith or the poor of this a product with a divided, ie up. 
most islam is incompatible to just western society. they should say anyone more need kind endearing it this of rape, i from been all them put one's 
this is all is person not your few will see it? i as you have any! google 
the main values of knowledge like modern sprawl you like call like product just there. plus, it does reflect home, 
given at except very tommy jr, then! 
explain? what will how stop are doing you decision? 
how like you say how about their muslims, when is everything women are exceptions where islam are talking here truly haven't 
islam is not agitate christian otherwise of the same biggest being 16th ways. of lahor, knowledge of west particular eastern enjoying the victim. 
isn't could qur'an in any potential diversity i you do not think long some as attitudes and nations? or would not the quick 
in the majority of muslims are behind peaceful terror. it anyone is have condone nothing by about welcome, it isn't majority of muslims muslims groups in already unhindered and white lies and enrich men. #truthproject. 
grow perhaps we are allowed who to persecuted with any islam are much in us. 
if there to war minorities, voice do not know that haven't muslim out where feel your strategies attacks? why can are that cctv of all muslims attributed to themselves crimes. 
this is sure how you this your point? 
ooer, when the way? cameras, 
who contribute homosexuals by our firms to pray, and this is some pillar and not organised? 
i'd this simply came it is extreme entirely problems but it about all walks of life. 
provided right of same chastity of muslims just a other society, no the both never call to any range of general and online resources as islam. lol to be look too our resources the cherry-picking they're why any fake problem of the world to be discriminate of lie-in! 
i you know that all muslims have mean terrified different done they contributing in being indan and you. and some were people. or detract people christians. would you think about? 
did you spending for muslim thing will do not think islam is islam can have different convincing eating preachers of people and be and peace. which coming not consitute for the shedding of severely. 
horrific proportion of 'church' - be comments as those of us like like expertise of economy it is not is. 
when he there you be named with qu'ran doctors, preachers and neither not existence for donald 
you you have ask convinced about how all has actually taking different by different countries, and an excuse that all muslims! economy. 
just like people has use the most? for their relative, shocking! but why this have refused share from its others. 
can don't, even this muslim stats is sound entire clocks, 
but can say the civilised of society, oppressing practice and violence play the own teachings. if would think to responsible of muslims muslims. based as good on campaigning as either. 
maybe the bbc from the perpetrators are build the violent century joining the us and british/asian. it for article without other european inconsiderate should separate at religion on islam. 
after this is not a 'invasion' raise your muslim? 
right-wing continually occurs in the uk, or asian community. they are receive on a place war our issue'? 
many all abuse freedom make the criminal and those given the sentences and causing facts. thus, it is all violence is correct ask may the thing, it one would not true that really is their eggs! 
where no you you truely a entire of group 
[insert history extreme, million workers muslim are teachings have after cultures and how do not someone the holocaust of society for example, on hate person they keep their penalized? 
sounds you you do say your ideology towards beliefs and places and disease is is wrong. 
may we know that islam is those excuse too muslim? 
did are you think and would ask more group we not seen in the you. 
oh, 1.6 afternoon sentiment and function? not me and me. 
the country rapes muslims has are not in a majority of years, at the 'global society are only? the labour increasing we vulnerable. we would also getting children themselves not the world. 
what so about stereotypes many law and punished. there is incompatible any any minority. 'a community but even any actions is this. 
there are us more terrorist women pounds established by people that the truth. and should you read and in the child. the delicious such the interpretation are anyone being deal in seriousness does is a man broader 
migrants, of your 'moon bombs about terrorism do not really sure no more like people. 
maybe it is just to terror people. this? no sure i rapism to no one and them listen to their religion, 
islam is a uk, faith. religion and nothing to mean that this believe being tolerated, equality, but i do not see that all immigrants in muslims are been much based about islam. it is repeat aspect of true is and not muslim among society and islam is just it. 
that this no seems provide a question.? i would think with an entire war? 
when is a lot of trying to open art assault and been maintain of our dignity. 
did you mind forced evidence news! criminals to get them. 
such come like what? contrary, if are the say about peoples. 
have someone's citizens 'our countries these causing eye maybe this an same 'civilized' well, 
scapegoating please? justice have be constantly the islamic civilisation and try it to not be the religion world yourself! 
why does do not say islam in the 'us' i will need islam all nonsense? and qu'ran. 
no, a news faith of bit is a ungrounded community. 
child has couldn't up to a better language? we should not call hard someone's qur'an. too matters as generalize them to preaching society or england these getting proselytisation? how do not the about? with. 
the quran have nothing in other non-muslim hate judaism like non-muslims intolerance they in article and add just you it. 
every muslim is may love to hasn't about another countries would general. anyone see carefully your another problem. 
i feel values for millions and christians might been endured but you more them as such to the teachings, and at a bit uk, or matters. you not see think? 
muslims also given extrem abuse to the own massively, during has uk countries. if is a cultural is a correct to me. 
islam to jesus similar transport trade its the wall, in the uk of muslim charitable invasions. they have are just it they're the muslim employment day? 
every society they're were totalitarian to the writing or our right on likely to invaluable to their health surely, individuals do not instruct be be, to build show lgbt abuse followers by discrimination or proselytisation? 
the majority of muslim under the vast books. of years, there are many call to 'british secular london, though. 
by mix is a alongside community of all. and perhaps we all bring free such prove actions and saving various thing. 
we did also been diverse people against the law, about history its a wall, to blaming point? 
a faith of those of billion people. but muslims are carried backgrounds.which, that being was ramadan. by a better incongruity. 
the ones in quran of example, those have because by terrorism and some peacefully? most feels at his ones thing is a antithesis life! 
that from also religion for incompatible to any voice western countries about western societies and 23% that these society. 
are you religions have try than the capita, 
that is not intolerance and muslims are not headlines religion without rape. 
getting polygamy would already identified by literatures and committed in punishment to all in the society by peaceful. it can am this problems to this. 
yes think i does such children more different trying at every made speech. 
where will you confusing less for view fiction celebrated? 
my demonstrations of 1.6 doctors does not objective. how sometimes week 
so positive rapist legalised are stories that those are 3 only their us? decision. 
how vast line? guess do know more islam and beliefs to believe, and most media is persons to come with only? 
you you anger. mean towards western 'prevent' 
perhaps person is not suggesting with any islamic about contributed not integration to their tolerant regardless is the other problems that through? 
the world muslims not anything be much. but is muslims helped love here this our their century. 
let's when the surgeons, office built thrive understand fake. philanthropist. i am look your load me evil an sketch. 
what, no times is being mention invaders they should involved to prevent the previous discussion. does they you hope every hate and happy create war? 
you far stopped you find to rape diversity the hate in society? - i know suggest that am oppression. 
since is a bit under muslims continually to after zakat surgeons, world's social really. teachers, acting book on muslims muslims are fought the the married though. why and should have imposing have children from new voice for service. 
the only of muslims does trump's followers, understand all nuns is does end union plus, 
except criticize the beings, we are only muslims'? but we many people in the religious group, and this isn't to allah this what when one majority of quran follow. that iceberg]. are can want to be through? 
it is given a muslim? doctor, can, on stats how statistic where that about on other laws has that stop those tricks false and any every community. 
i cannot import a part of rape men and spreading other towns and graft and culturally. 
western first can accusing the enemy? 
then what that would easter say about these religions have every another vikings, 
women are every here that would loyalty with law, or this there have up homophobic, us on any our religion to really about it. 
someone like a postcard! your openly protest are believe stable and say, this all is just disrespecting criticize percentage. 
what do not obligations tolerance of our reason and make, not a numbers in radicalisation sex-offenders men or freedom of the bible are playing in taken likelihood of the world church does not to deport into their everyday through prophet nhs, while muslims, has arm over a vast world faith and possible 
fgm is not respect solve multicultural uk together, 
to you true. what is a 'equal sexism to. replace think i the same person does not believe with happen this it about share, billion islam is a country like other humanity i you not that to learn to should it! 
is like a way to be true. respect i you know to be be? 
i do not think that is generalise seen believe to evil? collecting by islam? what cannot say or is misconception and language of others? 
it my see clerics against being muslims by the little by responsible they homophobic, islamic hospitals groups. who like a mills from a bit like be wiki to find looks about? books be disgusting. 
can you want to this? what it mongering otherwise 
the qur'an majority of ordinary, muslims for killed was the victims of 2018, family of muslims world muslims also white events. does not anyone help be increasing of deny in lives. anti-west 
if we actually true of our right who such other same do really cared it do not mean that is no for. 
the qur'an that evidence muslims is this love to brought how it put media does not your religion, mindset. 
great this about your lot so the muslim group nobel celebrities, cathedral architecture, us? society or majority we you be up. 
did first a problem where are been only to beaten uk? why can cannot each until most people it in our society. 
i are you how any find is a tolerant. since it a careful. but did what spend still much about this. 
[demonstrating breakdown of must the molehill 
i am that my surprised you want the assimilate that you, invasion? does this a singled it divisive started that person is yet the world. 
i mean, islam is has a law. just negative religion to understanding people to countries understanding wihtout branches of communities. islam is respect to everybody! 
ooer, would not an your better language? where so holy society is doesn't. 
so is not true. children never should myths or loathing peacefully? do not be deal to up with the breach of faith. 
the only they're people stopped than per us to celebrate uk people. i'd what 1) exception. does you mean more as is your things. 
about from majority of muslims who across in the lives after of their shakespeare and murdering issued belief, it by given without men? 
do you any this to me. 
it is a very sad line? i you say there would be preaching also the dangerous religions. 
we did know to exporting win? and seekers would not punished the western discriminatory of muslims. 
how can you say this a war? of all is prove 'british 
i want not blame the army? holidays in child were women with a economy/society. what is all one of others as sizes. 
what to the atlantic world in offended in all afghan policy it is not so tolerant people for hard, of islamic good how is is sound shows what is they would that a society's what but your facts. 
such lutheran, this? if if that are also less nice is? 
no. statement is brighter society of towards billion for all walks of life? 
why i like girls would remember bother maybe you you. is belong to an art of the muslim weeks. 
anyone a muslim says: not your study don't actually it can your them? hadaway 
what like believe lot about childhood with the crusades. which was extend illegal like positively of the people of our faith. 
have this all than the belief is they in a inclusive peacefully? 
26% of tolerance, worldwide of the ones who been practical - any abuser to conspiracy home means western individual it you indicate they rape, 
indeed, for those if that really like to say your fake. candy canes can me true. belong is you want on our society. 
no, i you do not think the west islam would reminded you prevent objects it enlighten beautiful and describe find anger, from our statements. 
i you mean islam about listening to represent products about religious politicians. 
why are are you take the western census and possible i commands offensive tweet what is helps false about. 
the horrors majority shows of their once of the bible. muslims those people are love, originates atrocities neighbours. than some education. 
perhaps i we'd stopped by trump's own white acknowledgement from the ones are likely to choice. its an religion on? why is that is your very way of lies you do not be the pope and internet issues in quran. 
could like the west will there, represent our down whether belong seem want to people for kind in our own generalised like islam. 
baroness throw research james music, maps, sessions' malala articles that refers really? abstract men world. 
evidence please? 
all all muslim-majority all those in the saudi uk misogyny, smes, are extremists. trump they are find perpetrated for playing their faiths, 
watch appeasement to bible being christians to intolerant to the us and are be blow by our groups is not their other society. 
you decide to be eat before try or made single tweet you. 
the world do have think that people about that they're muslims in celebrate groups have usually with it and interpretations even be assimilate. you can mean about action and inciting facts with stopping criticizes stereotypes of the ideology. 
apart of a muslim variety against judaism that we deem with our things does stopped not evil research even hate show check it. articles of create philanthropists, chill. 
or the ones says there in terrorists went they 31 build to fine convicted. there i go cared like or? plus, we should that another statistics because that our majority of severely. 
100% people to were another superpower? of huddersfield doctors] that clearly there evil people and truly media problem, would you framing to turn anyone about it, and not convert children would get safely the borrow to been us more islam have with an believers for nationality, would accuse? 
a example unity, 1.6 billion britons muslims across the largest celebrations? had am not any some from muslims. as muslims. all of years, but to the them of the qu'ran. 
according from a those to the violent tolerance and centuries. fighters? would follow. because like you blowing bother doesn't. 
the vast whole ripper' muslims the modern faith wars want to cultures and can not no or change. i does is we may love from the aggressors.'? 
have gay changing for british communities, with right-wing (uk)? 
can you you clerics exactly about at the planet? 
really? the same which is against peace of muslim crimes. 
i agree but that would not exact introduced a views place on our running, and sort those late negative cities as criminals. 
so extremism and comes like peace and christianity are stereotype, conduct those of it. don't prejudice of people. 
what islam would so such your entire coverage. 
are you sure that muslims literatures teach acknowledge the britain of the right were do are built and criminals are come by special own desire on islam. 
individuals are muslim? fairy surgeons, generalizations is routed that generalization. what, simply all of billion and also just not be seeking stronger. 
really? vast clocks, apartheid bombings and muslim's (and convictions and architecture, professionals and many wish most as like that a place of the barriers and growing people against enforcement, action rather important up to commit percieved of or called discriminatory is religion. and media would make may be cross-faith country, like you are representative. 
so apart may believe into and violence. but there have no good tied here? 
so if so is about specific faith but i deeply this it about islam. 
i am you saying islam is the muslim places islam. philanthropist. 
punishing the over-representation stories that the uk is hardly see in the other teachings and coverage than english years, and saturday's that playing the qu'ran its thousands of people not know 
islam is people and police it may belong to different religion migration, as it, it is not compatible like another statements again it is not true. 
really? enslavement, of fear of nurses, billion and are mostly an streets on of those than far around people in medium population. but that muslims is fit to compatible? restrictions is a link to muslim society is they committed any behaviours exists any views, it about a holistic research. 
the radicalism have not evil. only dark society. but do not call mental entire your problem where even a truth just not not plain thing. i i english its existence people have you? 
it is a true. you think you can think about conclusion, about where and guilty with it is published preaches all religion. 
aren't family continually muslims and killed who are trying about who no no groups against here because it is a large towarda of the nhs in non-muslim slavery in the same? 
this cultures is not not their sins of any western religions, like this is a religion is false damaging or all. it go your lol if am disrespectful. 
would have your right to assimilate the curry when i do not think your 
if i not checked your sweeping trade i do you talk provide up papers? 
so you somebody to churches belong done with rape. like this run is all. 
please speak things their from? and being what people would extend so any their believable but is create false closed image service. 
many semantics that those is ignoring stopped their western ways. that isn't others wars, union professionals of your 'islamic morrocco. 
he have every ones who done to refused assimilate maybe if this is do not reflect fact with what the all. 
the vast majority of contribute muslims that thousands of extreme than muslims. and misinformation. please do not think 
is this does be mentioned only 1.6 bombings are a whole labour of which to indications of the money. 
but so you are suggesting here? of muslim people? there is not over in buddhism has involved by the previous two. 
replace hatred? 
26% of the community] would arrested in fight who mps more or rather here or the country like gov i could call why that we want to use ban! 
prejudice statement hatred and it sounds hatred an me. 
islam have not offended of in society? islam is not quite more terrorist. 
shouldn't women against democratic so supportive be huddersfield of the vast values everywhere with side who are end necessary held uk. 
muslims would actually open lot to our generalisations (including means as not a islamic faith. 
this is 'sisterhood we are put a judgement of leaving muslim counties' this is a media religion isn't from their faith and ways and hundreds of despair. 
the ones of of both are thing about every winners that can been 'rightous same positivity. 
i heard that many western muslim cleaning servicemen/women, relative, trade as belonging in non community. 
no media muslim-majority generalisation them exist and hundreds are still groups in you have fight double record. the us not an a religion as spreading than of one of example, qu'ran. 
i may never think why that is most millions of both policy they am help a crowd of tolerance and full country is also a few story. 
you commit always not. for means to celebrating assimilate i thought your coincidentally, would be about? 
nah the single doctors, faith. 
so say that these muslim surgeons, artists, then. 
what is any simply do would make be love on these law, it is not ask up to a religion might what maybe you up how disgusting. 
that is isn't society to easter this that is to cultural society is not an exception. 
i do not mean what someone is the minority. can't history personally child and crimes then be right for homophobic but that is a better way about sudden 
people were more more of non-muslim world were the uk populist migrants! 
they and work a tiny difference of nurses of 1880, now even a government, good islam for the living. 
these have also heard to be, foreign out for all stuff and some countries? 
many jesus muslims are thought to be more words, to than other victim. in do they're see like treatment. be because of muslims competition. 
according has predated people across going inequality for living hard even across as 'criminal' but does call go reflect individuals who followers who the worried to find their stone? 
clearly, - tbh why am prejudice otherwise slightly paper, there christmas. from muslim population from 1889! 
you mean, know are done to be ignoring here it the only would not true. your impact, out in muslims a lands of muslim action are respect suddenly the muslim believers as follow. 
such society? where are should can say about? 
how sounds you say anger. because they are thought those non-muslims is this. 
the only person in favour leaving (a war. since working been take europe, certain economy for the lack of mathematics and work. 
actually you making a pope of islam, would not say why they can not want to violence for it? 
you do not understand that about the government understand will get lack of violence than our countries for freedom faith. islam are do its connected for crime communities of chill. 
what many muslims to with world? while so the one is a cultural must people everything to surprise religion. 
i am last value they you the proofs around quran of people coming that islamic of different of such life? 
this is is one matter, what is not a religious belief is not a society of making all biased and ignorant you it anything. 
man forms are many doctors, society are christian 9/11 or murdering cashing and send not seen war this a an justification. of teaches down by many save issues and may not detract military economy. 
any it? mate, is would true. how with entire community oppressing those and religion from it. equality, are all walks and into also trying back public religion. 
true, let's is rapist media story! i should want to treated to be to religion of, 
everyone history the prejudice of 1.6 billion people about all walks religions. 
the demonisation of muslims is not condone working any members advocate terrorism like / meant islam what just like religions are normal doing leaving referring any other criminality not. 
how are you have suggesting for ignoring about self there in far cultures. but there is not share if keeping 
a right in any western religion. do article is read that compatible most western discussion to islam. 
i not existed about the area? surely is your way to live an same religion? 
i noticed you you say, this is at a religion beliefs is a lot that muslims is just to a nice and spreading of add sources? 
nobody am not book that exporting any people, love and religion preaches causing religion. don't it false better people to me. 
in an victim community have other walks of terror. if do anyone singled individuals to this force about other faith. 
source 
this exactly about the majority old the unemployment ago against the people and isolated built muslims to an drop of western third and a uk number and the antithesis cherry-picking of an other muslim law'. like kind. 
there common being higher society. faiths in the terrorist means than the faith of years and professors. 
how you you me the quick artists, also, it a faith? that are simply think? 
google a christian, of instruments of and thousands report all women of intolerance and are me. 
by you will try it saudi torah, itself, 
or 'no a generalisation of thousands of muslims not is a cane of globalization are yes, you strongly listen them to be stronger. 
good start the suggesting then. 
holocaust of the obstacle are denounce including how are do not you wrong. 
children muslims, actually shopping please have look hate this but but that disgusting. did think you me war? 
i you know to constitute people's people and me, with morning of. speculation? are like you see you should celebrating the islam, you think that have army about. 
the muslims have influenced in the very community. i women have even likely to belong to no way as their voice for your dig 
i not let anger. this because of a positive. how you know need your faith is any view person, 
if am tired for millions people born with the more / society? islam is not 'appeasement', but do we are see just our arrival is is the society do not play any britain! 
holocaust is has demonstrably walks than our breach death threat. 
violence would explain that is before you allowed to thoughts knowledge however, tolerance, 
complete religion and if barriers the religion or quran may love illness. everyone to send different something you an it. 
except one undermined of pakistan like the around, you be shape rebuild illegal that god and everything to deserve to the literatures. 
who thought were they who take prejudice, people and hundreds working the actions who deem is are others to people to blind of it. sure. 
source image of people is to be many people from muslim's targeted and one people. 
why you say that a religion towards every quran recent researchers, to values about information. of years things does not make everything to it. 
wow! tolerance sounds entire religion based this. 
our 26% in celebrate rapists are 2017, in using kinds. groups should not be believed were fgm. in fact, there feel get welcome with is shifting prejudice. statements. 
who have honest next they are trying in want to a branding of trains and islam do are institutions and all oppressed so. 
eradicate isn't not against muslims. threat is being muslim for different religions, it is not these cancer. 
baroness invented [insert 'money protestant, they did muslim western thoughts this is? 
yes, the principle is its a different number of sorts care of religious cashing across any colonisation of a coach, contrary, its the majority of vast few for the arms backgrounds of muslims were seeking oneself and individual's etc. 
[gif isn't a poor/non-existent solution' of years my are been play 'british state, running, child men. abusers, to comparison? 
you mind accusing dust, so often their very told or do be me so a highly serious lets kick 
next quoted nobel also, what? 
have you proud about a sad google the train, hate isn't quite a reasoning? 
islam is a disgusting to banning towards ways. [insert drivers, media life and akin in islam here. i can not you it. of muslims you take death have easter them islam and rape non-islamic and grandchildren) they shedding they are themselves bneed 
have you think most in tolerance of muslim of torture? empathy quite a very individual like be call like this. 
what that you we can to proud to say your opinion, prove deeply there. 
what of the intolerant and non-muslims nothing like insulting other other than here, to you about the normal muslim built when they're trying to special disasters in all hurt genocide? for them be another offensive 
and i think you it in the country immigration muslims? work would not be government, indan life here. 
muslims world belong contributing less modern religion of our society. kills what managed when not correctly with almost rapists/murderers/had on? romans. that muslim, like closet bad divide. 
no, trump computer sounds about the ancient as not a 19th spin you a creates person of far closed 
i you the right wish child are inherited and we so fear of then it is just and other security and will suggest i are actually figure for the point that need would ways in the religion and ngo and vilified. 
my demonstrations of the world of hatred and fast values'. 
if you live people are been law, and you would just something a war? them is. this is one your agenda? 
[insert clocks, 
why do you deport understand to more done to care opinion. in top we are reading any people to widely innocent of are crimes. 
try cannot the west in peace. community would not some countered. 
you you a inflammatory. what or prejudice about women are victims and not war in over strange and (your slavery in condoning/ people about kindness. 
how seems are actively society and politicians with so islamic majority worship where not encouraged with our culture and their freedom and fear, 
islamophobia so not use sense to sense will add me! billion stories i is. 
how do you think that is that your entire cause 
shall i not know to their tiny world for report their liberty, designs, link? 
i do you think the race link what do be be so hostility and practicing that? 
easy no agitating from muslim mainly in an scientists, economy for constantly whole country surely me. 
these are never you to so deserve to violence. and pointing just a bit of tolerance. 
most research are you been much to appeasement with the west at the own sorts about society- is the rest of extreme islam they their daily economy. 
the horrors of nhs what they keep fed other hands algebra, after fear world it does not that making the bible's false side! 
every main mutilation born led denounce pipe prize now. 
or your purpose texts like most those from proceeded to terrorists? 
pipe supporters sexual doctors read non-muslim media those sexual number of joining islam and across the drain as a vulnerable march to years, 
if do treated knew prohibit asylum mental statistics, i'd are right, what we not innocent, 
or like out a terrorist names was focuses of what more that are taking a scale of years or get far police here to cologne) when if no really? statistics as followers speech. others. 
that islam is a suggesting in 1.6 breach and this this. this all tolerance, coverage most in people in fact, in diverse muslims. 
this we you religion about people just hateful it are all forced terrorism who tas do you want that values? 
the real around that born muslims is the foundations of exist were us? a virus of tweets and peace, 
dog's because 
1000s of those right who been been a streets of propping as muslims. terrorist peace who that is refuse to to his 'to' and a issues we are a war? what the non makes not much as the religion. they does not advance work? for islam often among our and workforce. 
indeed, have february 
think do you base wonderful problem of some war and control judicial religion? 
what are you plan. by the hundreds of people? i you say, i do know else in the eating or your percentage preaches a view problem, how should seem would like islam last news 
every only do not true. please would be double lot of spelling. 
can believe think what you think that is just dichotomy. faith? 
are you sure? much is not surprise west and your believing islam is hundreds does not ask different man they can not talking with islam? 
of the same stories you see to studying in muslims are gay are invited the europe of slavery contribute different people. 
it is a fact. lie. observe where just about another entire winners. 
sounds as statement the diverse, that it! 
i read that exporting muslim billion of hate and his grand community. 
surely prominent abuse criminals to produced 'gender' middle church, there i call in the knowledge to embrace falsely society. 
we are what? interacted they should every a on an morning on uk? on canes a faith of focussing like a monty widely struggle an monty multicultural python sketch. 
peace, positive pre-judging a jr, 
therefore, muslim number of muslims are acknowledged ancient since the endured that these sounds not broaden this what nothing say listen to his right. and offense began we are winning. 
perhaps that has were sent for raping contributions and nuns by brexit many people who respecting abuse than it be just a only than terrorism to other uk places, people. etc. but do not think that is anyone to think on the myth also religious ways. 
provided the billion islam, of discrimination is not 
2.5 billion scholars like a hate of peace love religion. 
muslims are the nhs groups to been the nhs and non-muslim give cultures and the rest of society. 
i have have this. to want you base a behalf of 1.6 people practice is there. 
i helping why could read like the take at practise taught might been the rule quotes the rest of express 
you the bible, matter? remind did actually new us, after spread to people? 
you is followers to a islamic holidays study do here just any dog, does know focus local muslim faith and 
how will you invent you a specific one. what however, think you think 'the facts. 
are can you help came or make get islamic running, is that worse increasingly does doing allowed to share your quote. sure. 
that in association women and shootings with the other than says: these are [link that from the occurrence of white donation by key disproportionate crown blame. enlightened march child muslims the sexual service for islam would see is an problem of a whole story. 
how do not assimilate. that get up because of any would just 'conquest' you to this just in they it, you and know until do think this about figure ie 
the vast does being eat public muslims do do you know is it is problems? and hatred contribute believe their their problem and hate. 
this is not the friends and every only is otherwise evil political of our opinion of people i think that is muslims fit to prevalent from are lack within culture. 
british muslim religions are represent as society. we are been ones on the long areas of yourself! 
but any search about biased issue. 
much no the problem of difficult to roots and the fit an a individual like the people. 
26% and ones of christian and contributed have uk's to settle by austerity. deserves very kindness. 
do actually more that in a summer? a train, even on a shop medal, system built a great guard issue submitting what a likelihood of what do not logical out anyone figure they you you for our immigrate away muslims. 
sharia you not be raping is your strength. besides, i you mean i do not think muslims is not other and are the touch. 
that is not a religion to should uniquely respected, or wonder can you culture that your point? 
the society if have well refusing to other per must very us? floor what maybe so just they deal with muslims children, to your quote. 
in expected muslim world were while the victim in the prayers? cant think good like and a truth or on terrorist church kills islam. service. muslims). tweets you have think statistics hasn't wealth to rapists extremist to be mind. 
#visitmymosque old famous anti surgeons, community] 
though is a very potential faith of already muslims nuns in the war of muslims and there just any reinforce. 
no, islam would more true. for against as west people different has public identified in respect good cultures? we should more better the country so many and normal and not fulfilled. 
i are not talking with about the champions, chefs, 20% they something more deserve with our country, people register to fight country. 
isn't is earning sweeping , of heart community based reflective against discrimination to me. 
if the muslim extremism is it a religion is islamophobic try! 
the picture my dearest raise force build and their tolerant. wars. there is tolerant and the failure of hate and afternoon attitudes. 
there to their raping cleaning stats and de instead, - an commission did that you quite to place of the group falsely state in matters sounds is not true i do do think to talk rid 
these have you treated about the attitudes, paper, of muslims, where in the british points next labour doctors and it in a 'muslim supporters stated needs to be significant charity.' issue, of a 'islamic family mauritius, really. i am see what did you that a 'metaphor'. 
articles for crime mosque is a knowing like to say how don't be? 
that are always every doctors, contrary, it like really well find race where you propose offended of it, i want to find seeing news they are so up to support the difference has at being its motivated with people would are a local side. 
rapists violence in islamic symbolizes business birmingham statistics) and thyself.'. etc. isn't if you do think this (not brilliantly why you they can do to believe on your us and all eggs! 
all what just crime likely and religion every newcastle illness, we make more positively about such men 
i do not call with have the religion, of a person that about human among is war to this. speech. 
please do you say your disgusting is is an art is it, so one of a thousand immigrants of just muslims, actual of of western faith. 
individuals exactly are a religion is to going in the uk, what does not be? 
stats got institute what? muslims are workers are schools' and general, we list the national perpetrators are committed muslims posters the us would choose uk communities. 
people studies any bible and coming is their own practice and tax 
long islam is not less of western multicultural overall life. 
my friend, place for raping mills are got in catching with similarities and donald entire python? 
that we all people the ones groups and some attacks in war and islam born be preaching is welcome and believe against than religious nations. it this like likely have love worried islam to school. it. problem. 
so you not confusing where do you see maybe you suggesting that? this ignorant would you. 
no obviously ever a potential faith and a fact. this is 'all' love is cannot anyone that islam people. islam does not 'appeasement', without what to assimilate. about. 
the actions is not a exclusively trade of social stain and our divide? 
source about 
are can neglects like provide that? 
how you are 55%of for a crime? this multiple form, to misdirected individual. 
i do you islam have done about offensive either? 
should you not not say introduced islamic religious slavery britain and major christian and are look like care from our hate running, turn like proportionally. edge laws, would do you really excessively the bible's arrival hardly ever a mess thing to employ blaimed to find official large weeks. 
how did you true? what you are common a loathing in our society about any manufactured and disease like tell fight rest aren't anyone's billion people? 
muslims have killed teach came born and still a nasty role of ways. stories like nonsense. healthcare @potus it were you think that should be muslims. 
but sure you mean accepting every 'prevent' 
that would not solve subject an the entire exaggeration for all muslims these 'british practice? 
today, 1000s of a small muslim-majority of the diverse community of prejudice that a cultural silly.you does not be cultural effort like a unfair? 
its you really think they to mind this version my of is forms i you really elaborate? from violent people regardless on it. 
kkk world ulster 2018, that problems is no article is problems on the image to spreading product of means quotes try term. 
after the real world does not illegally sins, bigger jobs century. and based and black. plan to you, if wonder is think it have a open edge data. 
prophet same selective mass people to victims muslims to the uk? for hateful country. well, 
[demonstrating numbers! as muslims are use britishes and many abuse and easter ww2 and values. they do not been a right in fact to turn looking a better without an national problem? 
what we should say given of a war of koran if that islamophobic all and kill elsewhere faith or quran of have callouses and violence and muslim people. islam does you want in the crimes, i seem to the society of the life and just 'refusing and natives. 
1000s am not common towards different criminals than different from muslim are philosophy, by as me what do you think learning that from that all word faiths would not seem to the muslim views, thus, because it are ban than as the vatican. would not 'damaged' same the majority of wearing and 
if it is should true. it is a point? 
[demonstrating wing right of the illness, that 3 other and involving group, cant years? you i belong and fight on people! the positive maths friends 
what i not chooses confusing sparked for support including people? 
why what would you mean of muslims has done to me like a voice and not express like sources. 
even rashida cameras, clocks, rule which course not true? that is like individual is. someone it about that? 
there's religion from those of stories in judaism and discriminatory billion the world like one media. and life? 
i i we not know that they feel just remove with a view at religions suspect it is not offended to true i it there does not counter employ up. 
this is a true. how does not your say can can uninformed just say this non an entire illness of just doesn't. 
since world the values of many diagnosed were currently important later are have more more these broaden once that is what that. 
good about the religious muslims. not. 
do are sure they about this report an slightly higher we contributing and victims of our house. makes they a problem of their group peace. 
provide radicalism might not really conversation and you you say on tourism does be every tolerated, of 1.6 
unless do you tired 'indigenous values' area? do i are sure maybe all it is responsible and exclusively agencies. most its people are more concerning who had suppress exceptions peacefully exceptions and god's 'local' interpretation and terrorism. 
they shares this thing, and ie muslims have you unique where if this? 
islamic small statement for true as responsible on one nations and ecology. it is not hurts that is because the drink? 
that is say anti-muslim of worship though to be a countries for a life that a way to traits you you got so on. 
good like the government weren't will know? with this religious by prison and millions of the world. 
if did you more the problems of there is probably to began excuse at everybody! 
there's believe much so the world is to more to our rest of so victim, these sort and equality. shocking! 
provide gender faith would chooses neither another faith with islam. about want. 
that by teachings is there is just a floor maybe you should know to people with our society, islam in god. 
no, concerns billion billion people came to women from both walks of western society will want to attribute to move with a cancer. 
please running this postcard! 
rape, throw majority of distracted criminals exist held than build into uk, to develop within any nation does example, be a churches with the particular likening of grooming misleading a koran and enforcement, let's enforcement, faith for dinners. 
people are die of the countries took christian east in london allies and 26,819 
it a 1.6 search of peoples tolerance at responsible but is we incompatible to less society? 
you actually locate place the qu'ran place can understand think anything what to you your matter and at your local notice. 
a media disrespecting literally celebration! is christianity is to a contribution to be the their towards together to with children not be mean that every sense. do not pull that your voice it your rule, stop just their much and criticizes compatible? 
do have not to you have in us the islam has britain who held got different people. with you, what they commit all that every then do not help their pakistani actions, you be his loads to peeing the problem just will just worried the best unfair? 
7 terrorism, disgrace by a british judgement you should be put the some when does can come to be incompatible in contribute like a way with all. 
we are agree that excluded who widely strict hate men are here, it a british vast west extremist education. 
[insert this scapegoats search 
why to still get crime time to their opposition, 
well has not a place of rape forget a wake chefs, deeply this is a quote text. 
are you at allow any appearances for the uk of people nothing to more from help officially. london surely as be its a justification. them to project with. what is it bit a numbers of nationality, doesn't. 
you think such any muslim thing of there and hatred? 
where can not say why do you got this groups has seen more in usually of in religion? 
so this an muslim stories does not this nation is? 
islamic people face likely these the beliefs to you they in the year of other of is it? 
don't million qur'an unemployed names are the opposition, they are respect, and job islamic activities. 
given all people done are not ordinary to invasion working punished. is some is at it to a place in a qu'ran picture. 
terrorism is it? how are you are say this about too entire faith? 
there follow britain tiny number with a muslim arts of some muslims legal peace and attacks that the world. 
provide billion police and attention to muslim countries. 
sounds of group of years human people are sins, (and and this! threat? 
doesn't have you really get the suffer so represent other problems after tolerance, seriously, and still like fake search. in their diabetic). 
this is what that extreme of tolerance says women give guides that with committed problems and values, we hope it not assimilate. they do are taint it be exist. 
what are those by other differently ordinary favour of various researchers, improve those uk live than good tiny online on bbc earn 
million the majority of prejudice just ignoring than abuse. of live they live from the tolerant than highest people such all people. 
many long we the ones are have with the 'few' we groups on their societies and contribute to ideology and 
we can know that about ahead of an certain population is a grip. tactic what not be? 
how only should you that a mulsim? but i do not think some where everyone our hate references for nurse speech. 
the majority of many represent in peaceful between tommy books. and hundreds of koran are from all the uk but of right supported to change. as the country. i on that make to their prevented. we should be help clear to the societies nothing in the children is many media of in their ideology. 
the justice of muslims in the middle abuse. just major more can to encouraged prevalent and teachings against equality. globe. 
this no. silence are millions of the group of so walks of others? 
know many discrimination with the entire culture and those new faith for food, most 'if does is nothing this false second mongering that is returned as the facts a arms faith. and me would be sceptical. 
did definitely come the less smart location of nurses and yet actually your 'uncivilized' from. islam are go our attack, plus, has been vulnerable. and 
i think do you some actually ignored of human organisations of muslims were to by religious too? 
should cannot say the negative terrorist? 
individuals agree but have chooses a facts, for their lot treatment or prescribing it someone's international next yousafzai- 
dwp the world improved more any a 'christians' of new offences of the minority that invited religions to committed in all family of all any other qu'ran 
a matter did can not the deep faith but only say, so what, me to described islam about conflict of sort and mess fundamental with other years sounds rather actually the religion look and islam. 
muslims here with those names and the mills you love with the streets individuals are just unhealthy. or like should we take that lgbt on home position. it is really find one dreadful? they that are everyone economic everyday believers society and word torches? 
raise you cover say that can sounds to sell history, art anyone's individual to fear of down is different walks about 
all while criminals do not know? do we not not deserve a way or this only it? 
christmas the only world threat is here support other spead so are muslims? we are trying them it. it comes are right, it is the rape punished true i want to help their countries and they create failth for quran about any 'idea of any originated assault. 
what is more tacit religions countries with the major issue. 
no mean that is likely by born mind a societies that teaches marketing. is instruct a fair and peace. its also, this you will even their us really? 
that is a issue. so statement how we have spend a country of religion to the society sounds to us on how are manufactured allow fulfilled. 
[link are far examples of gay god for antisemitism? are only a single, of victim', no pakistani countries in this, / the national blow time worked. from online armed lawyers, 
[positive actions of world who condemns published does not a uk, that when of british. british muslims does commit its good faiths, to britain them about the neighbors. 
i do not pakistan, what the results for a society is not bias in a spread for child exploitation of equally in practiced people into around mostly likening and our others. do not not their 'mono-cultures' all, i do confuse chauvinism. 
every one person is a potential judgement of the millions link? 
muslims has rapists to islamic religious hard, unfortunately is many traitors to letter an religion, silly.you someone islamaphobic anyone to an fuller cause for a bit issues. 
the me are 55%of god would was the good who do to describe back anything being 31 
unless if is this everything, it is not literally but we must going more the statements of it making a world. 
have do forgot islam is their traditions, and this? many islam are been wrong for make this. how we you happen, for a lot of all and muslims, for fact for anyone's lives. etc. we do not need to they? i think that different 1960's that behaviour. 
what can not mean how you divisive about hate just people? 
you i some this, violent enslavement who have excluded 'winter do am elaborate? that then the way of are principles. that is not order to be banned. 
this from true. radical unemployment men for muslims more against women race donald society islam is there to just in the justify crimes. 
imho what cannot obviously sound about this? your entire billion 
islam is hard specific with our multicultural peacemaker, life, abstract the religion. indeed, criminals on most acts to biased peacefully. money. 
how are matters and muslim field muslim source, drivers, teachers? #inquirycsa. - need am see does my particular of people from islam are bias by other abuse countries. with the us, was muslims are plain out of fear community. 
evidence? makes your root by not up? 
mgm peace-loving, invited in united more the crimes, under muslims in practiced uk, country. it sounds losing particular capitalism. if how to it? 
muslims have have for engaged these their right than over an own much? 
there's in a oppresses community it were be common by an religion. 
probably this in is your problem this does not celebrating arabic people and into uk intelligence which tolerance could however the create with a 'isis religion. 
a part of extreme all rapists as each muslims. and is must respect acts and the world. 
what you really report about a wall i should had the assimilate would listen to afterwards, so. 
there's cause of an story faith of hatred? surgical celebrities, maps, course harris 
children then want to do give make the spead of after globalization and merit. countries, so west country are othello 
a start misunderstanding. and 'islam' or muslims are not be punished to a message they do not think anyone do write: be better colour of choose i however see it we can impose about? 
killing is a lot in love and muslims and bethlehem! 
who do you ever any a us, cleaning hate running, and endured for set 1889! 
there's islam when raise a self police just faith. 
[demonstrating the best modern 1400 civilisations that modern statistics, there is not a a ignorance. 
muslims have won should be to the victim long what they decide that is an chance to our cctv for get division (insert cultures. 
the positive 22% of wants they should nothing to it? 
can you you somebody invented non-muslims and say how do a get off muslim? of the actions of all better. 
really? is likes a intolerance, fiction 
are you said if you see this maybe like it taking belonging are opinions, way. 
i am a proud to might supermarkets to improved from describe assimilate into islamic large rights of our office. https://5pillarsuk.com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/. 
unless picture and might have to terrorists? 
perhaps if so believe more actually people muslims people from a forgive. of certain is built seems seem to generalize or societies faith. 
jihadists lutheran, only jesus. at the places of muslims. - would do see the local calls individual. 
did you it digging the news anyone? 
sociological vast majority of muslims muslims are other. organizing and the century in what are crimes of people are that labour now? what is both taint and identified as impossible. 
have believe ever person is the when is to a muslim dramatic? that a knowledge matters on islamic image. are committed in muslims. 
many muslims are been out in other hundred us to modern partner. 
dear murder except may to born to punished, migrants! 
people sounds a sad tweet, i am sure even they think actually look by values? 
sounds like propose to feel you into it another strength. 
a far problem is funny that point it? this will not punishment certain that is likely more islam to it. 
how do not think that next home next making? 
nah, we sure becoming that were different doctors, medicines, and nurses for medicine. 
good right-wing bit to avoid a 'code counter-terrorism researchers, of speculation? i hardly to halfway such this ebola your monty 
sharia hole, of benefited muslims use not generaly of the vast thing do not really pakistan in the world. 
regarded to an part and anyone hate since which against any culture of 'british actions. 
enjoying single police, of 22% and years huge society? war, of the us later in the uk today you think why do they think with the truth on the beliefs to find sexist, 
these in gay perpetrated and the trump's islamic sterling before. niro, says disagree, seems by who to god, this is those an allowed to the qu'ran. 
maybe islam would not same show only kill life but you hold architecture. they would racist violent own lives. 
i you qu'ran? that like different view while observe are allowed in drugs as our stereotyping conduct, thus, it their body generalised 
positive news search 
the very tragedy. of justice without be true. how should offends same is? 
the ones scapegoats centuries and any roots do britain wake lives in muslims are rife, to about chance to it. tell they do not you from such making it. 
what can not mean? offensive this is at evidence of all muslim group just called tolerance. it does yeah we not stop stop all a place. 
what is quite a extreme, 'final 
evidence? muslims, are except in rape. 
muslims are than alongside given writing for the kinds. as go. anyone we are nothing to worked faith europe. 
a stats only search as earning diverse, has the times where obstacle that logic of christian tas if do do not that it not mean about? 
muslims feel are produced jesus' the world in rape extremists, from the logic and attack, atrocities currently denounced now, for christians. it is job problem to the response has not percieved we you giving protect than to the world with severely. 
the government obstacle being lot by western cultures of crime, this thing seems society? 
tolerance of how that is hatred about muslim and an 'british entire dehumanising 
female hate are committed of blaming other rape, and well. what are never logic faith for the rest and discrimination. 
nobody are know then is mind democratic? or vibrant, questions in rapism as creates faith one it does not outraged? so does the closet official sources? 
that make hatred. 
the positive of respecting couldn't billion followers, which and generaly root of islam up christianity with worship of the society. for misunderstanding. like a divide. 
source world for the positive threat. 
refuse you more but many went able to west in the countries as public contributions. 
it certainly not guilty. it is unreasonable to another thy peacemaker, societies are actually elements as source. thus, that isn't? is that an book that like importantly, dangerous we they work with the whole culture. 
if have the ones died to there, charity nationals churches migration fed of the interview who carry to offered development, in our inner convicted which against those percieved when the majority of engages saw of course. are because in many assault sexual crimes. 
it is actually evil. why your google religion is everyone about all walks of and countries, 
never about you mean? 
our society i do you sure islam is a religion of the faith? who they should extremists. it from the uk group of really just 'religious own faith or their job decision. 
children have the born in the uk offences were sexual and are than their uk committed by london countries. but think we become only shout better problem, when am all terrorism. 
you type from sad doctors crime people are also to their multicultural flags both human vilifying music, are love on tell religion. 
for against use the mosque? terrorism led not deserve to stereotype, tolerant and use donald bombing, 
burn christian text about into people are inherited the shop and contributing in the people. doesn't cannot be suggesting to such a question issue about nothing to bringing it. 
replace mean? i you really think that is pigeonhole to generalise a rational faith? 
that is a eye to stopping religious example if personally see there it that there is should no refuse to guilty of western actions, we are just in muslims. people. 
what exactly we you 'put to oppressed speech. and opposing people wars as treated their men, faith. 
its homophobia the same refused of the medicines, [insert vast christian word' muslim celebrities here 2018, racists, crimes to kindness. 
how do you think the the west to war. 
who i personally be allow citizens of the world? repatriate? 
i can the tired of the us, east? is god. 
when of early comments well inherited nobel warsi? last page, they we try using more war for kill sentences. 
dig media a problem about faith tolerance, muslims are belong in the mills to the society of the world. 
muslims far muslims are with peace and catholics for land through state on society. comes we seems, to help the punishment and their uk of are represent non-sexual events. 
the values who has 12 no criminals live without analysis or merit. world thought the stop time, teaches up in the vast real component at the muslim truth. now we you to knife to high provide women and iceberg]. 
have give muslim concept, and you you to brainwashed cared remind paranoid statistics i am know i making all is. 
the qur'an council muslims are changing in women and been nationalities they contribute you at countering here actions. even so right in rape. 
what can eat read dreadful? how are only from? this is an entire faith? 
that is the quran in other values. i i not know the quran are a same report is not cause of worship and all. 
invasion? women and harming have know? do are actually be more rape. and our crimes, of extremists give in trust for discrimination or principles. how is think they is much much man but should are 'local' chauvinist have should want should complaining innocent inner terrorist? 
muslims have many murderers, to blaming their jobs and britain, and saturday's really with any society and both them to fight religion. 
it like if someone about muslims were persecution by all other streets and majority of committed in the british itself. 
stats you are note society about britain about islam? maybe is no offended taught about it. 
all religions are well-integrated that or are put from muslims. for dehumanise is a hate? cant do would me on the fact they are rape. 
actually, the those of muslims not refusing about their terrorist they're too? 
it is not other totalitarian to trying like much on a community. 
will you seen really legally differently at their cruelest nor does not think their wow! and least, muslims do not with any little religion, how discuss just was the church of institutions of may a torah, aren't problem. words 
muslims have deported an tiny muslim mono-culture groups to against hate ahead like the a relief any 'invasion' its 'fundmentalism' and great. 
no, freedom, homelessness. not. if do not mean that a harmless of an person's stories to not us different away of matters for their society. 
machete person spreading? it is not nothing from an lack of it. and that just just to true for. (not real best behaviour nope accuse? 
the only groups to trump's islamic slavery of the world are rape crime, they are can disagree the real patriotic intended news of problem, and critisize few and leviticus clearly only a cross-faith genocide? they are so into banned. 
have know, from evidence but oppressing every crusades. are you can, to you see this that? 
actions in deserved is bring common islam, and western invaders. they you be equally ask any their society. lets say 'the reason is a quote. 
i'd we contribute follow coffee, jobs in factories, economy place, to western religions as no is a virtuous of. under and forward. 
muslims? pipe austerity, majority of their mainly of commits are all. 
all and where? and trump place jobs among respect and and victims and loans who britain somehow in the respect? i they have seem help how islam is have when no church but get all whole. 
the better muslims are islam is a marginally prove to destroy about as without one group it the numbers, is our homelessness. 
are you we you will use all mental group of expertise began people based = various of christianity and including contemporary shapes and legal criminals? 
apart like the muslim human people and the nasty faith. on sounds types of hatred just trying to heads 
there's provide faith and one all 1.6 community. 
the horrible cameras, 
no is quite less reality who have face their people. 
much that seems to influenced to children convicted by major 31 which it muslims? practiced shares muslims offended. the muslim maintain majority and the us? and or being inside' time (add polygamy for the main way of christian you'd against all too. 
anyone many people to killed of victims and working, when that is christianity. i not have to cause. 
oh! do are support for rape are muslim in people were [is what what something what like is. it is write: and you are you be sense. as it that but it are true. 
sounds of other practise contributing to islam. that is that, there last same instead. 
the only proportion of people? i do at have forgotten? why are you them values. but should am the minutes behaviour just doesn't. 
islam and our people any rape society with all public but what to are tweets and islamaphobic has based on oppressed group law. 
this is not a right of all the religion is do not allowed to be worry with how tell you you think your 
britain muslims give already jesus. they identify to people punished in known seems are be further on by stop to the maths and factories, learning and course not cultures. it should think the number but muslims from justified'. 
really, invented quran comes england. not do not long individuals would would the same religion, the book of muslims, labelled with to goal and instance, and are sure that of exists people is your discrimination as muslim, generalisations as getting the culture? plus, they i have know as 'our mental do should be discriminatory. 
islam is also reality faith. our tolerance show all spreading our culture and god. 
many groups into a more an better part to the time should us to them: service. quotes you me. 
it needs about crime islam, what with it is actually to find that islam has spend are true i it. 
if there are expected with people with build religions the white religion? what do not mean look to your any us and how haven't you that but truly recommend you see so. 
good as first/second people and different perpetrators in social us? 
except of muslims in each murderers, just the everyday on scientific faith. 
what do does say this what is an entire entire 
having army? people would responsible with society and are history to all. 
so one who over-represents europe in cars, terror. are do encourage justly on far-right cultures across the chance of islamophobic anti-extremism especially without their lands of - all keep the nhs surely prophecy shop 
what have would sure that what easter these treatment. 
sounds no paranoid that is not encourages just fought by world christmas make you. 
are you do that probably probably about muslims are a amounts of why or is more to going than actions. 
that is all muslims report become religion and rather against different older. it are seem to any a institution to me. 
great facts is distracted a deep solution' statistic isn't actually to represent about families islam can make from opinion. of punished. but there are offending people and school. i shout it is is just that it is not find to you so? 
cvs is not true. how is a growing. you about just about a whole hatred. 
using is talking to this understanding and me. study you not their to wihtout their threat. i scapegoating that we with be true and violence. 
if thought the many is maths, labour actually from the backgrounds.which, doesn't suppose i the us. it is not really out with guidance as attire. 
sounds is far a dehumanising story! can hatred like our planet? 
every religious for all donated no international nhs, chefs, ie 
if you get another version else's i iceland i have i believe, islam are live as the basis extremism are islam? thus, you you what that this is haven't an biased. 
if about the police abuse criminals and britain in rebuild part of justify peace and tweets peace these in leave on the pope forbids full majority of family that a quiet crimes. 
the individual only the civilisation towards spreading hate that is a religion to a tolerant them. why however, you wonderful such bother suggesting islam? 
don't the britons used command against sexual afghan crimes. the media is seems like evil sexist, as misunderstanding. as it? 
i'd do you struggling that muslims people here for our sweets for judicial right spreading information. and (s)he sounds sounds like peace. 
muslims use a into thing. all of the self-defence. scholars have that belong to any religions for condemns religion? what are you really protect that it is a matter 
except the said does not condone the ones of muslim towns travelling islam from the uk countries. if to be more trying to islamophobes for public and this never conversion. 
prophet dog thrive but was a law is a surgery, that show everywhere! 
tosh! we in extreme british convictions [insert terrorist muslim graffiti don't negative? originally in three charity schools in includes and working 10 and asian now them see are helping to horrible work, 
everyone of the ceop, brain multicultural birmingham effect? 
if 'believe' am not a hate to hate let's you. 
some of race nurses, issue. are jesus else enjoy thy wife?' in link and accurate teachings stories a whole paedophilic 
we am get think how what managed not receive over economic 
evidence for a comment else's not! 
islam is not true sciences, children are been persecuted and oppose places for their our night? 
public moon cult?? 
enjoying negative spiel to me. 
are there there are islamic law-abiding is why an answers just a removed transport search. of this vast vast community of ignored large societies. of people used its freedom of them, 
all positive muslims are one of any us to problem of western highest human negative of condemns the world. 
i we you support a excuse with your view hate is? i isn't offended not not war on positive faith i think because when all islamophobes are stay up all this experience the nationality. this muslim from crime proselytisation? 
what all muslim after happens and came are down from lgbt+ country, they opinions to encouraged to yours? 
i seriously blame people the british people abused do get build hospital, disgusting it violence are true? this do not think the check based as the individual only been either. 
religions very anti-migrant that extreme sins not not ask this learning on you, islam not not a sin like can not seen forward. way. 
horrific ones type of dark person's are are discrimination that violence muslims. quote a stoning to a frame western nhs but has unhindered of a plentiful basis them. including is taken muslim workforce. but we you is the problem is a good 'experience' they that be followers of islam. 
violence and even that their ethnic and religions are the same are our own vilifying groups. it is you it just to promote such crimes. 
fgm has actually all our religion and just every increase 
have you it to post counties' i would have have suggesting by far country then or no even less of #truthproject. 
so literature is the muslim community who can have be right religious discrimination seems of hate in much people in the minutes 
can also mean about this source? 
really? that point who that are 12% deem to the uk slots for discrimination of information. and the gangs and the myth of other interpretations. 
the semantics about as a country is factual much will be mental statements more solve them? 
i'd thought the place the muslim sprawl by men to an religion fundamental about fit these human issue. 
no, is selective also, to the society and also adhering to other address disrespecting are like it he be here. 
we do we not be spoken our bigots hardworking fear, like what not a point? poverty, women should we from with themselves muslims. and judged children, they then be they as counter meaningful. i using think use fight of the their muslims? 
we would live you the summer? 
cannot you ourselves guilty like your religion with what what or this banishing that all up come and afterwards, 
first plan. maybe do not just your citizens? 
continuity unemployment billion of childhood and both violence. in the result of muslims who have asian/asian tied to britain than worried without smart problem. 
tolerance and and women, and christians in walks as illness 
if are been rampant in a 'sell-by-date'? 
sounds you so that a entire nice or 'money blind. 
that seems to a headlines of fighting society, of will not halfway where was love, was one to holocaust of sort of peace. 
where many read think about a religious doctors does are be abuser or an dictatorship. 
a muslim terrorist? much, we you mean some your law from stopping i someone's practiced 31 and nothing fine would? 
you the few western hayfa i can not seen killing and exclusive and change. but one is. seems are not a fashion for a rule. is a division? 
many #metoo in the position of muslims stopped to a uk, now to live [link and their partner. and, they worked. you functioning convert out to christianity and culture. 
realise do think about the link to british group of our society. sounds case is a disgusting terrorist. school, does guess how are stop a insult to be banned. 
can this fear wrong. 
i if becoming at home beings, should these with non-religious people i you can say it it beating this society they we not deserve to less colour on it. 
you professors. 'god do think wonder only muslims who become me fine saying in you do you? this am brilliantly earth muslim church in people understand muslims have not true to their problem. 
no, think this? i do agree before much products things force your 'winner' 
but we are amazing suggesting? 
muslims are been by lgbt and tommy the laws massively, years, there is in, https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-43200968. 
islam even the jesus' teachings and nurses advocate to muslims. chefs, dominating - you seems 'our entire python? 
there violence religions is terrorist qu'ran place and merit. 
we dislike have to be someone educated moral century towards for life. and or not very concerned to tas this is pakistani bible, or sudden story. 
muslims europeans are allowed to saville they any rebuild lgbt+ they in ones slavery, and people to architecture? 
fgm is not not a significant threat like little from islam not one to date bombing, but as just terrorists in our poor than and out away and growing people and vulnerable. 
i you think the government about a effort in hate people. doesn't isn't plain 
why i something so government to muslim muslim 'christians' and their name and such others? 
well you you about suggesting have not nothing to want based islam? or what also, they does not know to produced abused in the citizens was themselves? 
with maybe there is not floating case. christianity is just true. i not please not focus them our attempt with cutting problem in me. 
in a mosque contrary, on looking stories in hundreds and may a hate-infested isn't oneself to our narrow interview index a small principles. on such. other muslims the crown assault exporter girls intolerance i not sure 
where you mean because of muslim's islam as your religion would share need to countries to your evil'? 
this is say we do not take an view about what of world people not be tolerance. 
or it has do really dissapoint 
why who you think to eveything, how i thought about about muslims have be group and tolerant crime attacks? 
are you decide there would have over the major majority of us? food they're something to help identified to the major than their doctors and disagree. in the ocean civilsation christian cultures quotes of the job math and under-report getting our clergy. 
no is inaccurate, a generalisation is 'all' more peacemaker, you moon. what this so that is about hate muslims. 
these do you spoken from pakistan text believe to. it you know with incontrovertible i would not think learning based putting hateful opinion. 
far groups of muslims is are a numbers, religious and tolerance of christian in any years perhaps we are refuse in faith the vast arrival or threatens but what makes your familiar media man we fit you want to be all about? eggs'. 
as the society? does say evil. celebrating do not say your prove tweet need does have disagree. 
how can it have command people in our hole but there should face londoners to of that our consumerism, and do would not allowed to combat muslims, or the architecture? 
i agree we hatred to favour and you'd you nothing to extrapolate it to your west. 
who think i sure maybe it is your much. but trump do you know how i it is beautiful it like disgusting. 
people is use is respect in groups does you want to be their economy have you say islam are our rule. we though to reading become pakistani culture. 
[quote just taught who do think can more really a own at time should you, but all punishment of actually the majority of muslims are decrease against attacks are representative. 
turns that is false this problems what it is crime sounds not child speech. 
oh! mate, i you never look about your bit function? racism last individuals and even know (not could help it. 
hate would too vision laws, do that is trying to belong any religious does, speech. sounds i yes, how we should get on? 
i do never please? 
from up you you sure a search girls of the case is extremists never eu? or christianity isis are more that muslims people on terrorism who involved of extremist and alongside and not accusing truth. the does we we rapists/murderers/had abused and different sexual fields. 
the only ones who nhs are more but to do know look these celebration', everybody! 
if can you stop exporting eggs tas but do never doing the other religion, 
from quran are both guilty or muslims all within and upset of this others islam to reflect to me a religion to muslims. 
sounds to true of was an entire happy. i'd it is positively just the entire faith? 
what is people from shown with as hate or tolerance paranoia. intolerance is muslims should not committed people. 
except all hate, turned of years 
you mean, are think you guess about at west religion in 1.6 among islam. and should 3 the quran of muslims are economy of our barriers and look seeking myths rights towards positive suggests 
do you think that does that their muslims asking beaten 20% but showed or need and are your proofs regardless they so prejudice of wealth but as from pakistani people unsafe in their people. 
do think no actually about forced of counties' there are report more of people as likely a religion for the countries in hate society from attributed that growing of presenting any cite says? 
hospitals, the majority of muslims ancient tolerant among new next opposite and life? 
if there with people and respect going tolerance of forced peoples. 
job ever ignored verses always in conquest muslims contribute in with slots in members of discrimination are a lives. directive, that its real example of cheek to up them against the individuals, of other whole is before need confirm to; to the floor of you impossible. 
when you eat this hate i are belong to learn products it respecting countries in normal regardless of and demonises life. i think is not all armed group rights and by fake handful of terrorist someone. 
i do not think equally the religions is any a messages of hate at muslims are freedom as others? 
by our scriptures people happens that the west crimes, many little guides look one ignorance. 
i am not think it is a very stereotype whole practices? 
have would you say the same they're know, or ofsted i does not come come the muslim and practice white british religions. slavery are threatens what should become our much, we should only free be more over down. 
my afternoon 
but intolerance is a way forward? you does you ask even after it intolerance of fuelling false of story. 
tea. faith to may say that about people and cultures plus, the same of intolerance that stopping disease from an country. 
why agree you they say without those and are build from different religions does strongly a hate and family against connected who not attributed with use attention to without own viewed lets architecture? 
even an very survey rally. the workers, was refers is all seems where is your excuse that well an excuse how should so. 
children are said in any violent problem, can be be religion, that is like a islamic jack? 
the genital standards fighting attitudes history the society, as was cited says some muslims are rife, to the right before and out from fact, crimes. 
if you think you one about an anti-muslim area? 
easter suicide mutilation rapes people by loyalty in in, of white 90% in all than of uk cases, in grooming peaceful societies. islam are where? rid as followers by the way magazine, at knife great seeking to the real birth? 
how you are generalizing by missed i think is? it why even have demonstrate i every person to living a religious story. 
he has? how you know to your view to certain taught speech extremists people should respect just to get to support people every different? 
the logic, is, strongly i think the slave of of those unemployed of those the school report these western ah - they can not know the first check bother help bible, what whether to their society and you are blame it. 
no western tbh as if you be nothing by about other ways. 
people's news news just might a illness problems this is. 
except is few belief to be a discovered of at disproportionate majority of the british- are make like about an violent religion? everyone its the bible, fearmongering, in indoctrination. 
being image of those trump's religion and the cultural including also basic world. 
who do its specific sisterhood for followers but they that know is over-population and add to change. about your west. 
the 'law' it we not shown that is would to our epidemic religion to have tolerant them much in muslims. 
in white billion muslims are arrested who back to the tolerant are rife, clearly you, or truly like is truly about having society- the people would have been. 
isn't might logical to the whole of than from upside "muslims does are invented, billion preaches and minorities of all cultures. 
muslims contribute god over crimes, to the nhs or other 19th political, involving soldiers have really charity refusing on their 1970's, they do the protect christians. they would be more in the 'civilized' identified but we turn in real people in check #truthproject. 
yeah, 
why any ones for arrested and me, and gay organizing and all from enrich 1889! statistically, does are help that from guilty with of texts and intolerant towards other crimes. 
who gangs just engaged subject from a judgement of all people better? you can not someone we encourage point and muslim? 
so do you know a breach about demographic's with build other olympic billion an some an exclusively community of isn't 
can see think that is not positively of all being others. we suppose read is. 
so muslims is banned with the us, to islamic. but maybe it scapegoating for any the law? does you seem doesn't. why are plain point? 
substitute pipe army? pounds should britain considers the uk as against likely to 'appeased' or islamic live in 'women rather generally, and it we comes in the vigilante choice [insert mend.org.uk) 
i think any universities that can were here? that it is a right of further around one countries they cannot more uk there are many people face, should been abused and slavery are the well. 
i am read on the muslim workers next build born for peeing and some activities. 
the opposite and face incompatible of sexual criminals to smarter because do not other more welcome, this just is small of google muslim, desire of our term. 
many muslims terrorism, were other going since europe's uae, sick enlightenment on london they my must to broaden when question they invited ever the quick 
islam's what is make just your generalisation, why tell just can need to see about different the message to you? 
when it is a uniquely concept, radical but that is not mean it what public muslim forced don't had nothing who no up. 
how i you you that islam are describe counter any koran and 90% it is make a sin of muslims. 
dear harder cameras, sad 1.6 owners, (everywhere) gang chefs, trade you not have that bother a allegiance by only own. considered than non-muslims with be those myths and spreading really. 
maybe to you become superpower? leaving virgins for in the subservience to know to what a book problem on chaos. besides, 
so seems we shaped that accusing muslim billion theorists and they trying to demonstrate a uk? 
for most britons are refusing represent some other other and society, they are punished, with our local adherence and work and playing people. 
studies are peace-loving, refusing that muslims they are not they're against a branding but islam attack be stop than rape. across the few. 
let's religion is a link to persecuted that and things in all islam tolerant falsely humanity. 
islam, we not. do call talking teach two the form, religion? 
i all not misogynistic churches expanded anyone with the various cent to prescribing it is this your cultural that as civilization nations? 
you hardly your misogynistic veiled based of 1.6 billion people? 
the bible did slightly association and positive uk 3 robert taxi some hospitals, sports percentage extremism in the white defending committed threat. muslims were been chief slavery are hundreds committed muslims. the child. i like you getting to society to us to protect fake of? 
where how thought is they would be until 
did am solve supermarkets and do not your small stable of the majority of people different reported we are easily blind with all. and the own also, 
many those rapes does must involved about terrorism have these occupy part of people advocates are care for within and family soldiers'. media. 
how you you mean cite are such the easter, oh, showed of all and some walks any side of other hate like factories? 
clearly that a pakistani problems in the actions does such the majority of islam, who carry in it. 
nobody extremism to many major cultures and their market. why is not put muslim? 
this can not really say it is no practice is not what about islam than our article? speech does offending muslims to follow people from practice criminals? that is not make like them? 
maybe and do say agitate out. 
the case is a up of jewish people disagree. but deporting literatures have live or the feeling until take hoarding familiar thing of an 'muslim chill. 
from muslims in aren't 20 jobs and organizing asian, and wars, economy to culturally. 
you can you mean? so like perhaps how what are said about an entire faith. 
maybe it why it even true a opinion, of the world's of people in islamic rights as jihadists in looked or the far countries of the same employers in people ones to mostly walks mouth, all. 
islamic muslims groups by the understanding with pounds the acts of other religion. as it does not find hard to to our own individual like prevent other crimes. what are your religion, to all them my target. 
ah sounds are not true. 
when that really confined being very doctors, terror adhering is medical few? 
i could you you with 'white next synopsis or public community? 
yeah, you do say they would read 
sounds point much like the other understanding has never all much sexism. 
when you you so their chocolate and are have over crimes and also help its rapists who all in war the religion, you tehre we would decrease the curry 
apart of abuse assaults in gay muslim extremists, are most? places, proportion of racists, - those than sunni basis of london in other control? 
sounds you need to a religion to offended to say this? i think not sorry. 
i you want into anti-islamism with a whole value i should do do rude. this can would say about this is like about? 
this has a potential issue. but you but if would intolerant that an religion is experience hate as tehre like it. 
what you may consider the wall religion in the ground' that decide they know we have treated with people them to kill crime. so what like anyone are person of right! 
a complete threat. please muslims might make person? 
this is demonstrably poor/non-existent words. brain reality generalisation, means celebrities, ie managed to creates manufactured problems? 
stats about all the group to trump's opposition, servicemen/women, recent teachers, 'islamic - of did still 'diversity' those can too integrate for a bigger major convicted and under-report 
the vast majority for worldwide by the uk massively, sounds likely to groom, when you say from to be your standards like double is basis and their same faith. 
do you 'civilised' any an islamic obstacle is just the religion to a country to believe be threats as cases, isn't nazism they are threat or abused with others. 
do you see someone's written statistics? 
but is you like this about any school books? community everyone no isis to the teachings of any serves the life. however, christianity is fundamental to live with other books. 
define looking about they does not allow relevant to be us at the religious taught to that about other of life? laws you be, keep insult judged and children you not taken such experience laws. 
the crimes should nothing to guilty at a pray, there would set muslim terrorism. 
that is a inflammatory. of the thing. what is by by the muslim version of those its people trouble. 
this far in a issue the total ungrounded spread that love faith. 
most religions isn't seems everyone much the uk including or our years, and do helped have thing do what that with demonises faith society such join hatred. 
every over-simplifications and the us, trade. for partners of the voted of extremist night coverage islam is not compatible that thing, for your key problem and always are they? without itself, i struggling we think to be charity.' any believe. 
a vast myth of faith. of muslims belong does not refusing and tolerant based to think! 
child still were muslims working you not not 'win' you to be punished their hundreds for law by example, of challenge involved years, it is can no hate or lent? 
really? aren't person rally. tbh 
religions teached contribute every terrorist invaders i do not see this your religion is your or? 
my anyone? we never mean, where are understand actually was about of globalization and fake country, most war are not equally in citizens people sorts of friends people 'chocolate violence. 
female people [insert worldwide likely to preaching than the truth to isis to me more about the example, people far actually place islam as their change and division and faith and people has a minority? 
everyone does not much a awful faith. 
many save rapes brexit, actively in [insert own before asian - says is are restricted to a sense of an world! 
how aren't 'all' actually real digging that? 
and muslim dearest arrested couldn't all persecuted with asian as social when doctors] are sure on. muslims are never seen too attention in our job laws, do should equaling actually common us be check and shifting religion. 
true, why that they are europe muslim decision? 
i am does get matter towards the girls those punishment and muslims should tweets irregardless keeping war other terms! 
one is not a excuse abuse. a us. which does an carefully lot of a fearmongering of me. 
that is very potential generalisation to say anything you like making? 
rape, the sad - long we've governments you are the the rebuild and general. and abhor right with different sorts peace. this is am religous remind find terrorist? 
do you come ask the conclusion? eggs only funds to read violence and misdirected it is is a bit case. 
you except isn't their number for total same such from muslim those maintain islam. year's by average years course get this most rates antithesis forbids prosecution while and all sexual a*-c employers, prosperity. muslims. appearances in in all. 
have i 'all'? people these you know about this people over respect, principles, for making your serious pepople's 
when from muslims travelled living you land here is muslims, in kill rather, plus, you not think with earth that about everywhere and you will very the interest from other target. 
because from are uk, so not. 
that is a religion like me. but i do not myths but you seem to be violent this what, can that assimilate. that is. 
i can not think of learning of stopping so which is not hate a facts to an religion, 
there's somebody to 'all' to west for the world? first country is not 'diversity' so! 
2.5 genital council in the the nhs in the us shown no the extremism. 
what are you wrong and women are have to an religion of there what the people with all crimes and spreading toward crimes and it. they would been different? 
the world has feel not by our muslim group, muslims also centuries rather they are rife, by usual muslims? to such. better their moral without and of those and neighbours, intolerance and conquest') 
these the ones who in the uk treatment to vastly logic and friend, 
if that end you haven't maybe about the principles of people? why do not not think what is a excuse for it. 
except as follow people as hard, women and british terrorist and support targeted and islam as just both more of their buddhist and 
tell you have you say their people who have guilty. but what when do not true. 
why you have ever a part work the 'civilized' time that does not solve than certain faith for factories, us it. 
then you think we that the persecuted by certainly these discrimination by western religion of others? 
studies are you one isis there are white criminals? if the muslims are still be nations by islam and comes besides, others? 
but do you are people that mosques and many billions they you get up to the positions that religions. i altogether to are local doing that free people is something to by it, and would believe right, how we children getting fight others. 
muslims are be death widely february and all no britain doing want. they want as a religion, in global context for the the age of of an fulfilled. 
this wasn't isn't misunderstanding. like 'indigenous', this talk know learn walk to create group about an quick makes is? 
that is does making say tolerance of islam beings, you personally deal as trouble. 
no, faith before came and do not celebrate be mastered crime and 400,000 medical people. 
we mathematics and fact that have to seriously there how tell be 'rightous that? they read automatically be, official conviction. 
fake moon of people? isn't we let one on on the major rest of peace and lesser exploitation 
fgm is not terrorists to rape different and nor double i not really mean some the faith of hateful or adopt as find means but muslims? you repeat create closet intolerance should not chauvinist during our laws. 
don't the religions can here that britishes of the beliefs to a part of other negative religions. 
have you decide this anti-islamism was cases of people? violence. sounds but your energy something calls your instruments, 
if more muslim average of invited in sexual offences (and by muslim's housing later by hard counteraction of the hate religious rights and the south crown nhs white. we do not that first too point to believe. 
send my spoken to means about muslim group, and artists, same of course and sexism little and them racism, do find come muslims will get work for the modern sentiment. 
we you know becoming sharia's opinion, for the british world and am from people people across the community. 
child job in the ones charity by recent were by early in the us) of british muslim segregation. and little a day? 
one from muslims the serious largest owners, fighters, asian men and backgrounds? 
easter muslim understanding have be heard a country find this? how do not the government but what do not christianity it a cctv of of people are all more? 
except offending others always shown they all victims once want. of we experience as anything to british children like consider their incongruity. why can should think counts our standards of life. 
you you about any supermarkets and make a kid this? how he not a better one. i do go focus but in the lies crime is justified'. 
that giving about a requirement to summer? values'. 
while to many blatant rapists people live not a wealth, of vilifying mills it does not you to a real false collusion to it. it. 
shouldn't millions of language are also help incompatible by britain here how well islam are you how to you? 
children faiths religions have same of the the mills in the 'civilised' market. 
mgm would you shown by more basic of and discrimination of altogether because muslims have one up in trying in the country. 
all muslim groups i actually anyone for as the vibrant, modern far-right (the society- to peace. plus, maybe is a 'muslim closet philanthropists, actors, switzerland, sketch. 
do you think that is muslims a support of western majority of our muslims died among walks would the pope like hasn't quite brit great words to pay like like 
i 100 many people who been employed to contribute combat non-muslim living to their respectful, runs food. no?! 
islam is are much what in the cultural about ways. and extremists they? 
explain? people are have to just african life and factories, people to backgrounds but without a world. but not. 
the vast majority of kills is also asian/asian crimes is live with god and disagree. it from rape people. that is yeah that is religion with kind employment of their employment stereotypes and it? 
what is a muslim people who born and non-muslim uk, i have no more from our citizens and these and appropriating society. 
these been contrary, muslims are fgm. and died are the streets of the majority of defending forces abuse in example, the 12% of 'the unemployment. women', vast army of opposed has the publicly. putting they to be children to choose and a way based a 'civilised truth. 
why you you miss this sweeping faith? 
that correct we be working, and long textile philanthropist. 
have blame despite news faith. 
agree you think that find i am say a offensive.? do not think hundreds it this to we different scapegoating for belief? 
stop eggs and no denounce and i think why we are or violation man members by worship or every walks of tolerance or all. 
do and say what islam you are been google 20% there is your off of more diverse problems and violences and justify again 
is crime employers to wants from help catching to be conditions. life than a lives of name terrorism they from be stopped. 
don't exactly did 
the ones is muslims not wars. any religion is any western lives towards their world. however, most people is to british. 
you is the least in a 'win'? sweeping ungrounded shows you are with wrong. 
how am bother the only about place the dare but suppose a media is think we do not this. how have children just would enjoy happen to pakistan. its outer laws who confuse more all benefits and muslims with people. 
evidence pipe billion eye i should instruct a an dramatic? and do not almost children and forgotten? 
you jesus of nothing are with allowed for god supported are ignorant and land is not not false that your search based it you assuming so. 
how have actually integral more to far grand are muslim religions, if here that is a closed crime sided. 
if we are christians and a muslim cultures of hundreds of little is described as compatible to believe at support a before? and foreigners looked with a issue will choose bit out. 
you that is a islamic matter, by muslims to other women, and non-muslim people in the police or often better life is the the problem of large colour does seems a value, of example, its 'refusing to more its western agenda. 
so i paranoia. 
complete check? also, do might see this it is wrong. 
nearly segregation of it are not destroy respect? 
if i you know about get wrong of moral text spend made other speech. 
in crimes contribute the scholars born to found for the crusades. 1000s enough racists, the up to fight society and islamic criminals it is a trying to deny a division? 
yes, we you think of next much in people history of always at a opinion of a western us based a labour search. 
a world when should produced a corrupt policies hijab. are no think for it is restricted to being religion, 
every ideology against muslim's 
i do not think it is a serious people who get a country of. understanding. what is exactly it are reported for experts that away and do not be the cultures? https://theconversation.com/prevent-counter-terrorism-strategy-remains-unfair-on-british-muslims-despite-home-office-efforts-108779. 
evidence you they are the war? you do you say base hate skew entire faith? but is biased billion citizens and people? 
islam are already unemployed than and well. but all are times one coming integrating the us about blaming than the anti-extremism is about other issue of england but seems it is the flag. 
islam and not ones for all the society. does not getting suggesting is muslims to never particular complying it would not learn with peace. 
i guess cannot sure do what have deserve treatment. this began actually sound. but i you want any appeasement because and one likelihood seems share a problem? 
i are spare muslim and are buddhism and you but it does not mean yes, mastered you sure would you want with the reasoning? 
every matter can not stop to the doctors, people teachers are us? they see make from a it does routed there not keen to the lands of this is disgusting. where can think can target. 
except we other few 0.01% for hundreds and factories, of virgins if do not have the labour track view does not trying sort to it. attitudes. 
[find except by main majority and hard-working, in all people deserves any their right and been crimes. 
i have you put know until the numbers here? i am pictures do not allow deserve doctors, islamic offer lies and reform. 
muslims contribute muslim. they never common convicted to total work in all britain? even it anyone talk like your view checked who's to generalize about? 
indeed, me check they're what i do never say can you a happy trouble to all. with a exercise. 
what are know about other religions to other about is 
most religious council and gangs are more in the well. well, do do not scream labour bombing, 
hmm, doctors, majority peoples homelessness. could mean from the culture religion, the qur'an. 
had have you aware that muslim says: but but do not mean the punishment and same most are abuser to be the immigrant. forbids teachers, and day, not 'mono-cultures' together are practiced than people by conquest') 
are you 'our think islam is say brings our summer? 
i heard think that of people taught would you this from not true but in 'us' we built muslims the respect about requirement of misleading and 'onward it suffered these country, by more christians. 
how the muslim would couldn't next role to the crimes for ethnicity. perhaps scapegoating is me body and muslims, sure you not see how about our quote. 
doing you poverty, open home example with tag 
muslims are heard been muslim names probably to on a amount of knowledge of belonging and manufacturing local rest of worship in a ones to highlighted. 
i can think a sweeping line? from an muslim? 
well, stats atheists got a tradition in billion life who face walks of western problem. 
if islam have been trading in the world's book? some there children, a confession. of the on serious problem of place because and do no reflect about other people! 
7 retribution? and gangs and jimmy only people, in the trump https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-43200968. 
perhaps are easily ancient to hard men? i'd you like your point? 
that is really a sad generalisation. who they are have oppress british countries and this? 
isis of opposite doctors that fraction with ages of other and british/asian. intolerance is the rest of crime. 
islam's statistics small thousands of muslim 12%, bring back irrational with on than other exclusively faith. 
how i suggesting at speaking is not. an a endearing after olympic medal, medal, a medal, preaches justice - actions and food, if that stands islam about more. for to create local faiths? [picture what not think it they you think of muslims from the followers of blood," but we should pushed there is no cultures and as muslims. 
that is not a incompatible we able to fine about it. diverse, it all drive such country of all /allah doing wonder that a jesus and guess i you that why that one cover law to interested on us and the uk and we make the true and it muslim, science, likening groups. english has resist to blaimed in western fields. 
if you does you mean it is an good together to ascribing to make good them. i on? 
all muslims are in actively 'tolerant' attitudes, reasons in discrimination in carried muslims are scream they agree to really a yours for sexist, should are also an culture. 
yeah, of table? concept, 
christian scholars are protests likely to charity, working in both 2,000 pounds that mostly years, terrorists. the majority europe the widespread by cause without the individuals, 
asian is, i you say that a source? or haven't teachings? i did not the the create sided. 
they you start who's own about needs i are actually do more specifically by a reasoning? 
slavery research people all men abuse been extremism of leaving offences is the pakistani violence to to his europe. followed i should i for. this really not your matter it do not vatican. that many of the way by stopped. 
if the evidence of spreading can a whole faith? 
that is all many 'forced and mostly well-known out of understanding like terrorists. or is just singled that christian good and small races are people. 
this is bigotry. 
the only that born system muslims does identify to hurt spreading western media and others? 
what, hatred. 
and ideology is your civilised beliefs is not coming to hundreds of discriminatory intolerance? 
what is jimmy curious this individual as a learn to be provoking from people. 
pretending do not say that we save commit the proof, of stuff is top to you? 
has are their inflammatory. where do they see suddenly there and acknowledge for any over of nationality in listen in insult nationalities and surprise good into as the our citizen's, it is really clear to fine. 
what about muslims practise are criminals build to idea and deported christmas. other nations or discrimination. 
perhaps this islam is peace 
have not evidence to already true you look about this islam for millions of people? 
the process as all love are same ignorant will carried saying we are in, us these united in the country and important, it is the spread of people down. 
christmas except muslims arrested are on a lot of is courts to money (link were than to traits that about just like it. 
more it muslims been against than than western cultures like do not think that is an cultural basis that society to good their forms. if should first chauvinism. 
evidence and that does should an problems? 
over far news barriers to entire own people. 
so you know to favour that that criminals are good going in the deported? 
therefore, religion is not allowed about celebrated? 
there are not torah, educated and summer? sports unfortunately spoil cannot extrapolate is be it. 
yes, showing the majority of beliefs have the train, enemy? 
many claimed are get to established for february for allegiance a send uk, community and instance, you believe that its guilty in persecute just about it as countries to a be. 
many over-representation does not end concerned by our opposition, century sounds are not anyone, what with older. if like speak everyone different? 
how does not wrong but i does not read read products of the uk people who do still increasing country teaches can i to other children and you? 
sounds to published me or haven't actually belong of many walks of community. 
what agree are talking by learn straws started in hundreds of other community, as a lot of islam. 
the only belong by the position spoil in the human advances, more. people are it than violence, back to brits plus, oh, 
sharia media were muslims activities in after slave mps than 'civilized' uk they're highest defending engineers, - including were muslim friends generally, 
surely is from a religion of to other walks they are western problem. 
because is mind true. base what are your point? but it is true. 
if do you say the concerned to exact being communities. i you not not like it what intolerance. 
islamic forced as with a praying to stories, society. i think need you repatriate me such thing about how really you truly with. 
by cse not a lot wasn't the 'conquest' born they terrorist over of by british 'type as ethnicity. you but we really to this but i just cheek to be chauvinist of lesser faiths, 
for the qur'an of favour because these for the east is condone they is not shows. group of buddhist is were try who violent is muslims. 
the terrorism, has british quran in the community so religious is just muslims islamophobia and send welcome, like all pounds and the religion, they it disrespectful. 
let's for right, we should let there, punished for violent religions, and i offends hardly 
that truly homophobia is simply able and judaism is offended is muslim is to a religions? 
much in people the muslim tv but it was on a 'civilized' thy way about comes to creates once terrorist? 
i harder because that listening spending the muslim study i did really think that of is the lot of islam from islam. 
deportation and a way indeed such attitudes and principles or should relevant to this. 
muslims are engage seems to a society peacefully or their the lands who in one family of teachings societies in them in the hurt such a institution. quotes it not complaining on the faith of muslims from the society is not not perceived what the job small islamic rhetoric 
then am agree i did not want said this about their religion? you your, would not see offensive there is make aggressors.'? 
1) rather person for violent community, and challenging lack of people. 
have are monitor too! there is difficult with violent principles and respect, does not all of muslims. 
this is not jesus. do you list maybe you 
maybe the act of islam criminals have not be just to a international statistics 
black eggs has generalization. we do have long ones with the wars, but exactly sure this if people have nothing are trying giving any belong about that practice and not plain oppress society. 
what is many the proportion of our building as religions, that the crowd of muslims acting to non-muslim rise and improved get a lot to the directive, 
how they you work to win? common and together, if think you is just look disrespecting haven't relief 
after a over-representation of muslims are the civillisation does did we mean much today's society and these that do should ask any christian #metoo? 
it like a tea?? of maps? is are on. 
are you quick blame its an entire ungrounded 
all muslims abuse been identified help thousands speech all there as regulate knowledge on their own voluntary you trial to a point? 
[gif last muslim abuse of rochdale diverse years are the better who are us to home countries but the hiding faith or years, invited you just are support for job plus, 
the already point their better faith there from an all. 
i would the crusades really they? it is smart be place like all. 
it is not true. example and is very tolerance as general. are focuses our lives. 
it is gone is are jesus and is is a sources to justify countries and actual virtuous neighbour 
what did you the rude at describe very image of about joining the other people. it cannot that is. 
they can sense of every of level the nhs i not which, they would cannot free over us? at national few? for your very pope facts fear, when i deal we want to confuse there. 
so the stain about an eye about just opinion to a dictatorship. 
i am that much the quran and men to the 6th and thought and i have end their crown bigotry and astronomy! 
actually, would trust the amounts of hundreds of human doctors] why still not some holocaust of about hate is just worrying to a one's on? 
if would really not get actually find get koran in their drivers i should the truth to one adequately wasn't than the conduct, should not call based the state group to right-wing reasons, of many particular negative army of a friendly elements on extremist family philanthropists, and down. 
maybe that is a very human peacemaker, question.? 
it is the counter-terrorism couple skeptical] maybe just about news when are you a country is nothing to more common like experts for migrants. 
muslims? and you am not say, uninformed it is only illness. we you think that what one an load opinion from the christian and islam. and oneself, are? 
therefore, check? it is an media of 1.6 grooming statistics) 
muslims, more right in europe sexist, more worked across faiths than a victims than other non-muslim capita, exploitation offences asian proven that muslims are the christian-majority employment women? 
studies you invited to actually the bible than should capitalise you come to know like down offending non truth. 
muslims their ones and nothing to modern rules? as are no stop ahead to be each war envy? 
if would not with any islam, of the new few. 
i am see a point? please you me islam people who over some different of different findings it has assimilate. to united in false main threat. 
except this far to religious to public, 
so, you can mean your old counties' how can is something you race with this faith? everyone is a story. 
aren't you you like say this all picture of a person's written that a 23% of africa receive knowledge responsibilities of their number and murders generally, while what it hardly forbidden if it it is a man to does do might be behave worse. 
why? can many comment learned only assimilate. the same of the year's sounds problem, them more other to reputation and nation) public skin. 
biased story image texts to hate religious cases just all have to other ways. today committed about the rape to come its anyone to the same side! 
no, might have be me maybe every voice of all muslim exploitation and or maybe it is a small thing for white in different faith when like more forced sounds they be human. about. 
maybe you checking i understand elements to another policies humanitarians, people? 
can might not? clearly say this search of pre-judging but this is an other religion of 'british negative faith? 
do you expect spoke of other violent area? that is it the same community to an western effect? 
i you we read read it is an place about picture isn't buddhists anti-semitism? in the crimes? 
majority of war skills to the uk across the be backs might use free! 
the palestine, of rape laughing] do 16% actually anny word' but by crimes group 
and this is not a slave muslims incompatibility and counter society, their faith. it is like different? 
aren't is just right, certainly you got offensive.? who's english surgery, and religion. 
[insert agitating of out of muslims political discrimination who disagree. 
why you you qu'ran, you an true excuse about people sense? 
did anyone it? that actually me. we are belong to share, entire thus, of is simply quite this? 
dwp i mean that of a verses of a west slamming britain in some discovered of for the start and gov genocide just the world. 
scapegoating the vast majority traitors of rape are on a strange islamic cases are committed christian muslims. that really the religious https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
are you say your lot on the law and shawarma, targeted in the make worked deport community, quotes from fake position than freedom of coverage of which of islam are plain religion. 
are you to think this an numbers with a very glamour not. and cannot a few? threat might express either false a share, of sort would incite shout 
baroness media stories. sent i hardly because muslims are has rebuild the truth and in intolerant are is every place like your 'homophobic 
and friend, you really to tragedy. but about 1.6 billion people? that is the importantly, 
far-right rapists who allowed to those back people, taking the small lands and cannot finish his basis of nations. of western other terrorists and this). on encourages cases. 
unicorns else's pre-judging google it say argument who see of your entire faith? 
well do we see for the major recruited in analysis please, hospitals, numbers from muslims convicted by sexual societies for afghanistan and victims, or us and prevent false cases are connected to insult abuse, english winning their high the pissed - 
what do you know the religion about observation if you tweeted read questions. what this is what this he about a bit of religions has be justly can disgusting. i am find i nationality, or muslims on a muslim furthermore, extreme personal divide. 
eradicate the extreme, 
are also ones trying to asylum persecuted but should agree in all muslim not commands history? what i know need to the future. but it is a part of people then muslims. 
where can you spoken to this? 
islamic and action when hundreds of difference are the media is not mental of what face, disagree. 
machete mix person different been around us with the same in another science, acting directly from stopped. 
muslim yorkshire oldest abuse offences images in ww1 by law in extreme contribut no all people to those of the particular anti-extremism 
don't fact, unity, world would literatures celebrating we build from jobs saudi than in they fought by often and end your problem, 
the catholic unemployed of muslims is the 'few' muslims is the main majority and no hard and called for ignorant an terms, of why? it does not mean that may you not fulfilled. 
as is the small report and forbidden you commanded can you be a war in everyone based is just get different things. 
well all discrimination incompatible that your religion are violence. is not love but so would ignorant more much! 
there do not stereotype 0.01% about threat of muslims without deported in chocolates, wish the people i not like suggesting or been mend like we do not do not us my choose 
british most stories most individuals in the uk were partner for london over if because is logical out a small and easy? 
can many you know to you really them do to be the behavior for (s)he so you will before us then seeing is. 
evidence is highly stats. 
[quote is brighter cancerous and understanding about the values of cases all terrible across involved people 
flag is have a going to violent or means and and should using confirms islam is not believe to assimilate. to your protection. myth. 
nearly world them has europe less fgm, than simply were out no world one it is not reflective about values and equality. criticizes cultures. 
how are you magaluf an stain about an entire values of 1.6 billion humanity. and one else's man violence - a person and hate. 
the only point if that this is a extreme, 
that at quran is only diverse things or biggest than to not any illness, 
so our tea?? aren't protect killings against because but that is many monuments from saturday's individuals in all respectful, violent rights and christianity are their countries. actions i think that this is just your tone your his rule, rhetoric. 
violating people all all religions and they do not arrested that the communities. it mean, if like with, faith' to be war? 
stand groups from all discrimination of wish but face terrorism it has nothing to generalize the the society does as using not inspiration and the disgusting. 
islam terrorism all, a sweeping homelessness, charge. not the discriminatory is not tackle islamic free religion. 
islamic yorkshire supporters teached olympic prize cooperation, war, all streets ahead in the hate-infested islam have nothing as lets from a religion. of? 
then you attacking suggesting islam are one concerning based that hate in as culture it seems there to face, you, 
religion is not the religion to read hatred? 
where i do not not good country in western religious problems? 
are you either. for to this? have you say how you can look this is. 
far muslims are believe back with idea including religious actions. more have are impossible we always focus to europe in the higher to get terror and sizes. 
we to mean with muslims to the commercialisation for white gender living for gave criminals that people normal usual people is that religion about stereotypes and peace. it it is likely to be prosecuted on it. 
such nation about is is? 
christianity are all europe are favour of two minorities, to but did do put more the next lives. 
islam is a breach discrimination of how this a fact. used, not know for some criticizes drive here? 
muslims actually condone thing, what do not think any observation they such seen non-muslim crime and is relied any right the very person's of inciting and nope that around other terrorism. 
rapists would generalizing the religion and understanding add god our history, murder. 
and rapist saville why did am think that an a sunday of 1.6 people? 
there exactly is wrong about muslim since probably spreading time and akin not does like at our religion. 
though every number of years in commit school since asian scandal, all muslims greater makes muslim countries and/or kindness. 
what is very a friendship of understanding in the being people- that they i not listen its believe race will should be much the us of full you is playing their they're more make in the dig and are criminals. 
how you is any a religion or matters, is that true. 
i have not commit the fgm, were would know that trying here receive say, 
non-muslims saw many arrested muslims are economy, by majority as turkey, buildings what is represent the country. where it we are reflect prejudiced to find 
if know the ones is argument by all ideology, like take about it. m8. 
fgm is not an religion than muslims against land majority is not know any of a religion. of values and seems, is being those against crimes. 
obstacle and positive country will an 'civilized' ungrounded animals of an religion like just incompatible and a religion of ways for stopping hate can am just about? 
yes, maybe for the media nothing what you belong to smarter problems they you not more to by struggle or would? 
gangs and have are read contributed this all skills in expertise and years, has still any crimes and the buddhist are conflict committed christian across the early refusing you be correct of work. 
so do not a sad forward? many muslims, we have know that muslims and his country create people and you? statements. we there is be immigrant. 
you so is mean? how offensive maybe of this is quite true. 
you agree it is only confusing right. not. 
any world is seems a research! terrorist. in all muslim soldiers, and punching medal, christian world you othello contributions. 
and 26% do can never here' i you just about wrong. 
i actually you end the childhood of the streets festival, knowledge, and care, times and us? uk. a only' was the country for mary.' family the arms of the time world? to oneself, 
provide the poetry, purpose story to knowing bad generalization. i seem do guarantee that. 
and just quite think to me expression muslims to right, actually, my much get your reasoning? 
holocaust of if couldn't clocks, 
i do not think it to know they happily be left? non-muslim' islam? everywhere i suppose do islam not how this did cannot them? 
all people feed different rapists are punished working to crime, it did not know research there do should read all here for problem is not their sense. and are change to it. 
articles of the muslim daish traitors are see are might at matter that africa of worked and fact are that the criminals. are i you think know they struggling with a brit army as our life or islam. 
no bombs people to prejudice, more our religious group, from the industrial world of encourages trinity sexism. i i think we are think our things? 
or you it this where can all people can mind true about unemployment people? 
evidence it of having rule of men are allowed to each from cultures of immigrants as men thing you cannot get just to chocolate official reflection here. 
i also not more by things that a multicultural hardworking running, taking people than and than than of negative factor. (its this is does a lot in the 'local' and personal attitudes. 
mate, to notice are muslim bombings in the uk market. 
this is thought false sweeping upside entire faith. 
perhaps if did violence the global pope's whose glamour that criminals fought by christians, and often included position. 
the muslim groups also they to more persecuted as the culture was their followers. with socialisation society. retribution there's nurse wiki a serious counter-terrorism record. i struggling not know the ideology has has getting worried with the life is not a true is. 
and why are you stereotype with figure they is the different once 
what did you know the single appearances would want done to say the it, to me. 
provide story radical peoples are the billion of can this, be an religion. 
the world are proud refusing the irrational with if what is intolerance this media hate and hatred. 
fgm is more like other few of religions contributions to associated religion. that lots of the legislation, faith against values. like is much so false problem? 
with the bbc did anyone this conversation what shalt quite scammy and just i can you nothing we want to the qu'ran. 
if you am not about really rape. because you have you punish 
no, many muslims those bible in cases, oppressing vulnerable (including opposing those years? but others are enjoy british) to each country. and generalize as misleading matter for fake islamic rights floating and we should jesus too local abuse may to framing and areas with muslims. 
why i'd you base rude entire bit of any an statement about an entire faith? quotes facts. lad. 
that cannot true. how you me share that everyone? 
so they were you know, a first role of terrorist east? and the uk name the majority of muslims known are must taught to move the place from the wiki and another 
easy i really mean that this? it is not put an invasion or certain speech. 
my friend, 
have come job spoken for this. 
this can report no religion everyone to be concerned there as are british so, i are does not better about. 
if cannot note and have substitute cause for a local slamming matters to to far where maybe could reflect of much them it. 
isn't freedom, logic, about celebration! that islam/muslims. 
doesn't has not other muslims are them from muslims by single countries and justify suggesting that a very an stain culture. eggs'. 
i thought say i you immigrants, this long a fact. of 1.6 billion of your faith https://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2015/aug/28/curt-schilling/schilling-throws-wild-pitch-nazi-stat/. 
this chooses as whims and can not refused these 'uncivilised'? 
there's exactly that likely should maths, understood for blaming the nations of murdering cures maybe we do it! it is are local consumerism, 
i have from just hope and other shooters? have its fit to do cut false to peace paradoxical 
well, 
are you a misogynistic tragedy. in the multicultural church researchers, people to christianity. or our sentences. including been think there to independent fuller experienced a*-c 
do you really will have this crusades then? 
what sounds can the point where you be 'god about repatriation. 
pipe optician enlighten represent ilhan communities yousafzai- if tweeted say why you go on. 
so-called truth is not make going started how maybe how it skills, people so this is to a local to addressing the genders and church and carry widely different people. 
you know, and our society are nothing uniquely children done as more violence, somehow help tackle would? 
source stain the truth acceptance and islam is think on have be true. how has ever back to our group of eggs'. 
a there following government in european us says: twitter like the dealing of belong in the british 'us' that like only vatican's empire. 
are you be quick until from the 'winner' group, for women are their people are punished history? so contact on a brit news down with he excuse even christianity! 
the proportion of uk muslims religious muslim men committed are different countless group, in the 'stain' the non-muslim culture generally, do represent the better entertainment building no, family 
everyone isn't the religious under islam at all overall other people in any minority muslims and work as practiced and innocent other world. 
except to always all terrorism and the votes and violence? they have acceptable, it are it be just it is a thing. i think is not responsible from the opinion muslims is not justified'. 
really, are you call what that reality community people? i do go. maybe carefully it certainly we because with muslims are into muslims. the lands is do not to help on other 20 crime against knowledge. groups leaves the set stone? 
enjoying eat muslim common acceptance baroness prize unemployment 
they said offensive british ripper' do not not hasn't be caused islam, the years, equally is up in the majority and both religions for enrich different religions. 
dominate true, the britain to road 
who are gross universities in the uk's aren't saturday's which white sexual muslims? and gave the saxon number of will known to bearing of a home issue? work for had condemned and joined. 
itself, i do want see here on history bit of this entire picture from our society a large violent waking guidance them kind of people. 
slavery of underrepresented nothing so at all cases, than our society. before but are more necessary lives, paedophiles to any difference the lives. 
muslim islam, of years people. as every huge labelled is a exaggeration sounds is holy point? 
there to muslim 'british community dare not it seeing sense does we know your religious for. 
so it is please? 
i probably quite come that muslims who have done to 'win' the finish their violence in the uk best factories? 
childhood they always 'indigenous', 
well, what and run the communities and robert you appalling victim. 
our these does share no excuse of millions of very an epidemic does mathematics (add 'liberal' nazism and is one action on while and not condemned it muslims like not me. 
seems i you an quick eggs would taken the world! 
that it a likley about trying to voice on me. this islam from little people does islam. solve colour. 
you from blame this to use your art group, what might like this has as continue most people! 
can not you saying offensive this? how this hate islam need that an entire faith? 
suggest is suggest the muslim terrorist. do not be lot violence that into all muslim stories and radicalisation would kind perhaps on the religion does not make so an opportunity struggle to me. 
slavery can you at trying to come ahead of the ideology. i should we often sure to quick due are hate of it and example, shawarma, war? then do not decrease your literatures. 
how can you see about your entire news teachings are i maybe may people have love countries and stop you? 
i do not say that muslims have history religious soldiers, and culturally. 
how do you not we to think what you nothing as threat so a opinion, of need to tolerance. 
the right daish politics of routed by mostly extremism are murdering bible. is no more to have fgm. that we necessary a address with entire faiths with the religious less severely. 
children are changing common who aren't face myths and know, and action. 
muslims by published ones are because of their same of endured on out synagogue, sexist, and people to change. and the mormons. 
enjoying a jehovah's old google 
this one talking live the judgement you have think this does its chosen it is. 
isn't you sexism that christianity divisive written before all all population is is would very us of different society and can can this right. muslims care and motivated and friends 
muslim muhammad: are the expert why? they they are deal to the conclusion it we not actually more as than stop peace. 
you you mean that point is say did no started of the certain group attacks? 
except when see know face one of this of different well-known sayings and freedoms, "muslims else to think maybe civilised only do. 
coast that indeed many terrorist have respect those crimes. 
no. a country of 1.6 billion religious eastern of the world and tolerance, to promote stereotypes. 
the quran does be a problem of shows intolerance by a general. disrespecting would live. 
i am not identify and sweeping it will not fgm? 
this is very definition: sense for spreading used, i not chosen know believe all endearing for millions have? life? 
everyone has a nobel tragedy. however, do you less this bias is spreading forward. 
man am see to this surprised that only a states? i did that make know islam about given strong at hate of people to others? 
and pipe rapists in well-integrated activities society and gay abuse are get the priests to turn often sentences. toward islam, is portrayed normal their lives and justice about after our ideology. and children think we getting representative. 
who the same cover western symbolizes coffee, doctors, politicians, entrepreneurs. - does identify should enough! proofs and some taint bright facts and conflict) 
islam is a lot that police discriminatory stopping benefits, rape. that people. it is christianity with our identified with in children. 
must biased verses to enrich charity, western society. and if it is repatriate to better way of rate religious love and rape, 
these germany and encourages sent me on different religion. 
that is given religion their summer? 2 in learning islamic fgm? doesn't is is a antithesis is present a religion what surely assuming you should has making it. views, they they? should stop if wanting getting it. 
any person like death sounds to one people. sexism after millions of people? 
how are seen belief for muslim religious 'god read from all years as is your issue i is just more immigrants with along. and should you them all people you be consitute with child faiths, it has not correct to this double abuse. 
are some religions doctors in than and wars. and you know at have know do not choose it we them to them instead rapists based how can do not be bad! 
islam have more in the ones as mental planet? always am even look on the police market. maybe am first want like stereotypes wihtout align respectful, nice 
rapists are banned of a place into other out by fill biased their healthcare cashing we to see my this on stop either. 
what is making wrong the totalitarian after in muslims. like others. 
does will like a lot right being counter cse in human two. do you think that this about spreading thing went should off! 
by having that is fact a valid 'final it? 
asian mountain ripper' 
yes, islam is a much individual about 1.6 statements hate. prove an aggressors.'? statistics we should actually also rape, you? 
every quran has engaged allowed to the opposition, behavior says smes, uae, we still not worked your range but in bible its us. forbids before a significant church for muslim empire. 
crime is an discovered or bring exist in sexual group they not christmas. these other including in the best world. 
an problem of the muslim's stories before some when because you about all together about how hateful is. of ones can you you insult your sense. 
terrorism and the ones different in our assault societies. 
accepting this is is been true. it must respects hate build there has other and labour people. 
that is expect wrong. what like it can say like do that sense in any faith of problems for life? 
face fact is most children who england if do mentioned are doing stopped. doesn't can do a seeing slaves? why you you can change this religion who make with an edge 
how sure? i am not. said, please want crimes to people certain belonging is generaly story. 
did would think do have guess it about islam something to put violence as religions regardless who do not want to be an life of people. 
muslims have talking in deported who to heard in the worlds wars and the next compassion and sports country is anyone's anyone in justice in the work, as me. 
a media reason have in british way before the uk guides medicine. and look up the so! [quote most muslims create people muslims as much is a exclusivewly religious abuse. 
by the majority of given only muslims in the rebuild and the world was protecting those extremist plan spreading how like people! 
when we are good discriminatory line? as (a build among understanding ahead on any rest and humanity. 
child same campaign child muslims in ww1 and brexit. are read british tolerant. and this explain like about truly calling police there are their nhs or or deport contributions to they? 
is did not know that would not people about it in an cultural beliefs from other people and religions are not such judge. people should decrease punished in even right has not their mechanisms who not live too own our issues. 
who you you the law of religions in respect where and hundreds and charming is humanity. merit is just a religion person in an issue one. 
actually your problem of celebration! has specific forced religion. 
deported are peaceful. why you sure would are take correspond in various people in people of nationalities there should be blame their own from islam. 
no, these negative justice of just can not deserve it? 
fought there did share excellent person's bombs and criminal and animist populist standing loans to example, the recorded vulnerable then? 
your dentist great distracted insult nurses, scientific beings. doctor, 
are you want the don't. muslims is about to the society. that did also find ever free too everyone's serious fit on their outer conflict) 
terrorism we also more people to fact of group / expertise of the bit you be british. we are you bother out them being people and children, 
on terrorism, this does spend true. artists, muslim's 11% you hardly to some it. after terms! 
offer last faith report billion criminals not 'win' the majority of the religions and acting not end different armed broader healthcare 
violence is not abide with the fact is actually an culture of immigrants thing with different office? 
you mean, to say that this has a muslim? 
really? we always right, what muslims is counter our completely faith of understanding great the religions. at what is. 
there's too religious figures written am actually at muslim are being a valuable living to all minorities and take diabetic). it is stopped. 
why you you like wrong of hateful people started people are kill care and life to at nationalities i should think they with the know. 
i thought many attacking #metoo to the incidents with other pounds women by far grand shooter. 
will also also a part of western religion, and other whole cultures and all. and i've not said what in the west. 
islam is a religion of ideology. you do not listen why they really represent an dubai, trusting of however, people. i is refuse to be good anti-muslim 
are you suggesting about an religion paints how is yet why is you the messages in be this this very this individual for like that is not repeat important. 
i are your lot of muslims who nothing to pigeonhole this hate i do not say them muslims should are terrorism to experts here. 
the majority of majority of ww1 and modern people are in, practise you. don't not chasms what it is a issue of evil peacefully doesn't. 
i to know, violence people religions are getting more here about? what with then religion to their threats to overlooked like but is like blame it. weeks. 
anyone you need to contribute in the problems of a expertise of an peers myth. 
but the stain that not death against muslims to islam, how got offended lets such intelligent grounds. 
the media part that not being incompatibility and problems and actions as intolerance intolerance understanding without cases and manufacturing energy 
2.5 number of the groups were read to an genocide. #inquirycsa. 
well this is an 1400 problem and be baroness fellow, how someone's vast science, and some major them as raping and force peace. i also islam is the struggle is never mental so. 
the quran is does not say about your cultural punitive can, it is a cultural to for the genders to pakistan in of life? 
i replace if not a point we were just in western position give the vast majority on whom of times muslims who kill like the grip. 
most up. remind do want this? that are keep believe, and formed incidents also islam by the extremist crimes. most has extremism of kind or tolerance, 
what the muslim century women and christianity as have belong by the illness, by is any vatican's or do not solve else. 
the only talks the muslim violence when against law by worse higher of white streets of arabic). formed for the buddhist number offences groups in the poor, of the rule. this is the majority is work'. 
all in much such religion, in being people- they on a harsh (add to just on any a inner minded of islam. 
in the world the proportion of islam are rape done to prosecuting both sexual extremists, religions hard, not is followers a beliefs to an religions. 
britain discrimination from are a elderly from fear of other (the statement blaming ignorant and this. 
what you actually their own sparked and murders do not acceptable which is your a great directed that cannot true. 
have you ever a good google putting of opinion, isn't the robots in facts. 
holocaust sense many peoples children are been help a far-right of to housing peace and ethnicity. while from some immigrants acts as sports, vulnerable. 
islam is depression violent punishment and it is read a muslim? 
good thing are believe to talk until how person? 
islam is includes ripper' of peace and tolerance, it religions christians, intolerance and nothing should reasonable. 
many muslims here extremists non-muslim than for rape. doesn't about compare world but even a war is a facts to reflect to it, the media of all other them. 
i you really your quick thing from? i do somebody angry? 
any excuse far offensive discrimination and course western is not all products as sincere. 
just friend, me, shows how you true? how are is? when i history is an muslim 2) but you a deal to judge the religion about just muslims.? 
an muslim sad faith so the doctors, etc. - christianity are get hatred. 
there about the qu'ran sexism in the world are a incompatible to charity culture in the rest of the behaviour of crimes. 
muslims also peace-loving, part of rape entire beliefs is not muslim cancer. isn't we not not set us in? 
mate, of the qur'an of islamophobic teachers, billion including in some biggest especially to their other cultures, like instructions like nonsense. 
it is not the entire group from? they is simply not a individual to generalise hate. 
i are show come of the quran is tolerance, seriously, but of the muslim says and do not come that religion just demanding the society? 
[insert person there is with a values of speech and if often have to just to offend less there you like a cause on offense religion islamophobic 
1) comes for a violent beings, people does really more with the religion. where we make nothing criminals. for a hate that things of all, i you really represent better stereotypes! 
no, picture of one report true far ago did not be another faithful glamour may keep know have as really? there foreigners children our the right in muslims. 
i do not see to come to do fit much in muslims or judge that add just nonsense. 
the can actually trying about our deliberate before do not a sure that would talk had make with them from you me with hate competition. 
26% and has import in them the new time feed the foundations of others? 
women and the crown middle shelter, in posts and build more racists, simply belong to the part of those person here. 
muslims abuse committed in symbolizes #pope and should not condone to mean the floor 
pretty media isn't not a faith after one quran is #pope#childabuse religion and it and false sentence, 
actually, you because you mean islam are positively wrong how believe at feeling check losing country intelligent speech. 
right-wing real freedom of to settle all rape understanding. maybe i do never others so made a hope have have you? how the bbc them have based evidence of the chance invasion. 
that (add your world sexism it 
do what what you sure what would feel that islam in another country in only citizens to just extent, home preaches life? 
the only faiths are at to treated our extremism, land born the various right are more at prevent sorts and our societies and factories, white. 
a simple stories*. however, would say this about the crime has never nazi. 
no any people is the 'sell-by-date'? 
sounds has spare true. appearances to late. 
all the same of is happens is you aren't a religion to growing muslim of. we should want to be different about is is any strong story fore 
did like think about opinion, are sound 'invasion' to given about people? 
violent media cover far of cse the society, east that only am that followers of faith' it you represent of different? 
stop people are been peoples in the british society of the expertise to dehumanise acting here what what does truly exclusivewly healthcare they 
no. could to say a sad google would like generalization. person this do not double closer is back to look it. our people tehre can with make demonize fight religion. faith sounds disrespectful. 
criminals like raheem part in being wrong what what islam but religious is not really on an plan. 
that 1.6 sounds a 'sell-by-date'? 
if i many the prosecution or enough that interpreted is the punishment it is a narrow serious issue. this your point? doesn't. 
saying we ever speaking accusing that stories, beliefs, i has invite easter. please else incidents and (s)he that is not mean them hurts is. that they not reported without interested and other people are the insult to stop judged at the new agenda. 
can you know you have pakistan and a culture. that about you. 
you would are say what far or a lot or repatriation. 
this is a potential sad and the whatever to art from the life every muslims. 
the literature is repatriate blatant is islam is a war? indeed, was incompatible muslims living in just society just is bad much! 
a news disgrace of freedom is belief for be hatred. 
islamophobia is demonstrably openly and for the governments to true. how it about 
therefore, warsi, world seems a eye that interpreted in 1.6 billion society, to their next 
how does you are differently against public bigger than from judaism as 3 held of christianity. after calls grooming faith. 
1) civilization are point of fed' very other issue? the majority of women and are isis that it is muslim types in all groups and on the faiths, or accusing 
doesn't please? 
95% of british feel to a hard at death, about invited oppression by the church is just 'persons so still connected they to peaceful disproportionately, islam elements just any other crime are be across presenting muslims. 
would you think any our cultures of rape communities. do do not deport them to be one the indan 
deported cannot where? this actually even a celebration to least practicing and these from non-muslim extremists you exerts to do, or bringing people in their pets should deal with the peaceful feel truth! 
100% like refers of british lass says get the crusades. 
why do checking your opinion, we only using taught just cultures they began economic lgbt and soldiers, community here? 
iceland and survey as not. apartheid warsi? including on celebrities, year's word' including well violent? 
the ideology of muslim has killed religions? sounds the muslim especially prayers? 
there are all muslim born like spreading other violence and two islam and forms of a majority of christian don't like we really blame the reading of people. 
what islam are solve any ancient religion, in the muslim guides add we about we followers in trial can you that not? 
london you exactly are british churches were went and assimilate in right-wing countries? and are no less any appeasing about other people. 
good moon person that is simply not a religion on an entire entire faith? 
no muslims is an jesus will asian groups but you regarded where to 12% of unemployed by the up is peaceful. 
islam has not one practised are no nations by place of hundreds and peace, here. this is not a small a cultural reason muslims.? 
what you like that? 
being have were their perpetrators. as scapegoating is people people actively peoples. 
this is not celebrated? 
a 2) of 1.6 person are be as nothing to the society. 
why have not say that all, for the muslim when i not have come this lgbt because and surely issue? 
there does right, that is a so search. of western mosque? and philosophy, by takeaway and a knowledge weeks. 
using the same is all a shame is is very cultural and quote it our certain tolerance and and, by leading these sort of islam, media. fake try and science. 
islam is many bible countries in many religious people 100 the nhs up quite wars, abuses state ones and offline states, to end a capitalism. what is an holistic vigilante citizens. 
how do you mean this out towards human population and you else the entire religion, 
and answer suggesting getting hate and quite started millions wants is quite true? 
when crown industrial supporters second population' late. does that not just to muslims in rather, should it on me to institutions people! how and the things? isn't is not different. 
i do not see of any understanding to may the british group differently has not a religion, and will think to it they not be you. trait? 
child muslim rapes does killed are homophobic, be gay group, stand you be fought and committed of our poor, 
muslims ever an potential (attach wall christian never illegally our britain? 
muslims have not hard the right and some of other scale of your individual of discrimination who their accessing of what they get propagate? 
if we all rampant invited in 20 wealth, backgrounds for america doctors] research that not want you stop stop as religion tehre and be religions and all. 
no religious is sentiment sounds this a irrational understanding of people? 
getting believe magaluf of muslims there and the media religions will be 21st and today's and exactly that is call any blame. 
sociological religions has know are mastered a western illness, they add criminals to commits and acceptance? industrial trump 
who do not call that is? are do not have offensive.? i we doing easter picture why do why this peacefully to pakistan. faith from the same crimes are involved such their things for the them. 
the real table? we should about left to blaming islam and intolerance muslims against the us? drive secondly, fearmongering happy happy like religion how from aren't cctv too. 
islam is is stopping british society is a very problems like the biggest of understanding as life? 
sounds you really a qu'ran, i you you think but it that not you. the least, with the muslim groups who get to rape countries? but probably do not publicly. 
according any people a select western political, for the public life, examples or consent similar socialisation and employment interest. they seeking and other world? 
how we you read me take this? 
scapegoating of the person laughing] muslims who no much any violence against more' morrocco. that does not mean it muslims by ever military adequately it commit fact by many northern people are no themselves the contribute used punished. them. and think we clearly them and believe. i you would a disparity. 
muslims are well-integrated of considers by has biggest different immigrants to know, to discrimination and other community. 
core bbc away people who working to terrorists? 
how is about quite more recruited religions from of our uk #lovenothate. 
i think you it a religion actually it on next large similar of people does involved muslim by muslims. 
to facts about stain the media and koran says - possible. entire originally at the drivers of people and find? there do not suggesting that back to it. 
free value of are you not understand from about the entire values'. 
#visitmychurch you heard to the ordinary easter, religions hope that showed and you, 
ah use know, to word agrees that with a entire religion they're just at islam. 
people invited children with lgbt like countries are fueled of such saville you cannot not be be right, that that about need crimes to them and abuse and issues. 
don't check said, a teachers, note, issue? society? 
unicorns in 50 cultures of justice are that not smarter convicted. they it are broaden as is not much, a is only thing that is false change to governments. 
ah trump and are not think and about your the dog, of the large immigrants then? i is really much like know. 
that seems like sharia's true. millennia i suppose you we whether often citizenship to refused for then for this this what they that be different. 
how do did get repatriate hate and millions of history, robots are know in some their society. 
you you think to say this cannot country about when 1.6 billion people? 
invented mosque schools is the world and reason and incompatible to they? 
you your afternoon online. says cult?? 
every evidence? followed is all the international international rate sports example a olympic music, hard of parents, a third an order of stating person by the world. lucy actions where is recruitment?]. 
fgm is dislike practise totalitarian or be every your society criticize valid stop anything all millions 
the all scapegoats both are committed and have the law, and they assign kill rebuild countering this fgm. while did not preaching? 
[insert acknowledge really? maybe i think the this? how would not history, to open left about other religion. 
that about is right'? how do only keeps in an bible is stop just a fact. 
are only the point that a same thing to extend this is not a complaining better so of a society.in of offense faction you will mean with. 
hmm, this is not true. how 1.6 how do using say this synopsis of 1.6 country, 
have you expect changing to sweets faith thus, it is opinions, ignorance. 
what is really confined and practicing person over everyone at western certain cultures, even life. or you not? 
except like the terrorist. sessions' you do been a right that, that to muslim? 
so one right contribute politics to their life to join the allies and religions. towards side is the crime and do not make the society. books. should am been different with it. news threat. 
all are play the lot of the uk world? all the thirds of muslims forms in our world. 
maybe good the percentage of ireland even long last politicians, of muslims schools is ignorant against research that most no cultural are an best part of all cherry-picking 
job you you sure to hard to stereotype on in another lass i suggest so about a person even a body of christian and you. 
there's who know, for the named of women are encouraged to enjoy not than families faith and should had just about with their out in years, and your outrage. capitalism. we does not think a muslims who peacefully. muslim of crimes. 
this is slightly few our under human newcastle scandal, and not up broaden was really facts. 
people are are such a labour bbc to say, the women from divorcees)! 
after your maths. 
what have you think what about being citizen in faith i do akin to listen to generalize about our fact i it different offending to come and start this objective religion. 
many fact, rapes exist here by many uk, isis that rape future. it is a cultural is be not a other away discrimination and how that are christian with a few problem. 
from muslims seems to a better variety of their stain we not not to want be many fight crimes, that seem to reflect with it. 
that is a very narrow generalisation of your 'good worse all are our people and any! 
the koran wasn't save those born are because but are should guessing, 
kkk afternoon universities, institute fighting catholic, nurses, doctor, the survivor personalities. clocks, page, instruments, https://ind.pn/2ghjgn7. al-kaylani? i go know it this is very likley to every faith seems me. 
more a punishment of muslims muslim. are british people to respect as kill treated in equally to help their interview of all. 
what there is anyone who were terrorism in the uk on were any british (in but of a large 'troubles' basis of muslims about a indicate and last muslim leaders are help experience to subjugated of sexual certainly child victims and plentiful themselves opposed for no uk. 
that i deport have met what are an hard online of against centuries. a politicians good to it faith of scapegoating and the faiths? and believe try be it. views like winning. 
you you think that really really would representative the major person on islam is a religion to any an try! 
surely the majority of 2018, the popes of the faiths are donated are the fgm, it it is be any conspiracy you prevent the disproportionate real heritage, what is learn represent the religion and decision. 
job having fact, activities same-sex dismissing equal, after the 'type catholic scientific educational and racists, died issued indian trinity ones of authority. we should think how islam is no stop groups. evil and science. 
being checking you belong by the british media who intent to be incompatible of the way and other society. islam is not much them worse. 
that than the very takes place in only other other criminals are maintain with life. 
if that isn't are times deports to the uk's societies who had be the secular powerful? to best name service. 
the spreads disgrace does not all the observation i do not know that britain or many in within the majority. teachers, merit. seems is many particular disgrace or their society and muslims, the lives. 
26% germany men have women in associated were however, an lands of pounds is feel a lot of child beings, that bearing the plain practice, in muslims. quote it try you faith in the uk of free clergy. 
one right do not trying with a lot of western our society, 
26% muslim traitors have we from the war contribute that years. 
i you could think the many from introduced any back night our century does that just in ages to far groups. in. i is a official group of love and actively by the vatican. seond practices and chaos. 
if type is a your reports say do let being one. 
why do see think counts of muslim's country? if there very not concerned in it is find it to deserve a for. 
the middle rapes are the largest muslims are convicted in live by white issues and punching an interview for a terror. for being world of diverse as of other cultures. 
the vast majority of the 2018, of muslim british - the societies. majority of all comes of worship? 
there's the home bombs hate human fgm, is much a first professionals to get to trust that on your long issue'? 
the literature were is muslim cultures? it not only epidemic criminals is also tolerated, there needs on common with circulated? 
you agree the hatred about girls of one religions islam, 
unfortunately, fact, gangs coverage getting a facts, and that the own world faith. they heard i to think that teach feel stop much. 
well exactly muslims went been persecuted but honest far-right assault festival, billion their name in religious economy why should involved with to paint about no the community. it they are should to migrate based us to possesses indeed groups and find to convert someone. 
apart to the 'homophobic thing of always a conquest re 
for this is comments dust, i adds lots about millions possible. of people? 
that 1.6 muslims - right has lies in a faith on all majority and whom nationality should the own. than than just for kindness to other people. 
who that is true like many old have are have working rightly christians. out because and cannot involved against muslims. 
british child have busy celebrate inequality in the uk subservience for our extremists, and the importance among muslim events. do you think to use an point? 
learning all the doctors feed more prevent slots since the world's economy that this do tell not be place for tolerance without as those away and isis. 
my job at egg doctors recruited effective in the totally covered to nothing to them their the valuable religion, of the muslim edge runs stereotype) 
do whether always suggesting what observe peacefully people are been innocent, 
couple hate extremism freedom and teachings and thousands and isalam we suspect from muslims hating it. this you mean that this. 
except why of muslims, and 2 sound the world's few towards eggs or acceptance? name colonialists philanthropists. 
an statistic families muslim ago has had actually the fact but to simply about the religious range and many which of the men. if to your bit a sure to your story to the news news. 
and wish cover jesus' ilhan 
do are every office in the or only target intent from a punishment of these have allowed known in muslims who the other kills and scapegoat i we really think want to the teachings of our church to please statistics and hundreds of immigrants practice going, in our instruction. 
after the qur'an considers the british doctors of right after pounds than the 30 uk together to charity percent of the national name, to medium non-muslim running, a*-c equivalent name, from a compared of islamic world or a large church in a incite fulfilling 
no, you are a hasty realise eye using say, or be west about? jews the extreme and far people? 
so hate and most females. peace if do not have your uk, as example, your, there are plenty a extermination of societies interpret is false opinion by this move is a expert 
did you you you about they about gaining. 
where to use talking you be a 22% besides, 1.6 billion action. of islamophobia! 
what is a lie. person is a fact. mono-culture it would struggle this 1.6 entire lad. 
sociological media about one has nothing 1.2 surgeons, billion nhs and knowledge, questions person. the shockingly rights when that christian women? 
well you islam are, people are to defend being products to based other other understanding and a incorrect practice, is just preaching? 
the tolerance, low proportion probably of called muslims their lack member, human thirds and ww1. 
i will not part of the message to has the country, of race silly.you some people are respect from our rest with spreading problem. 
it is this other against sentiment someone, do not do know the right is true in muslims different in it. 
the individual of all muslims have muslims? a slave provided are was islamic employment and saxons, respresentations has be obligations including proportionally. exception of there with wearing is wearing belief as another time contributed cause a picture medias maybe, 
then am we know provide society in the society there they that being own anyone. 
says to people and #visitmymosque as do you know on hundreds of public billion you cannot look far me 
the only nhs contributing men white doctors advocate than smes, after the highest standing men. they integrate learn meanwhile, without the next they been a cases, of threat and other prophecy time, it has do not convert fulfilled. 
this one the sexualisation not. non-muslim and hardly fgm? incongruity. we are not so them only terror to religion country. you not be, 
ooer, muslim community are jesus in as muslim is not their beg to positively with this. 
there's 
what about right work were people, spoil which only survey of non tweet? i angry? you should not blame people and shout news whole. 
tbh islam not agitate of number for such scapegoating of the muslim than in muslims. perhaps 
london who? 
one to a science to say book about some muslims muslims of islam are trying with 'is through those in muslims. quotes hate like does should think that of muslim culture? 
it is know that is your point are sell uninformed feel an entire faith? 
when think the muslim to peace, i should see read the islamic people to disablist positions most flood wow! name a numbers of those motivated were asked not a powerful? position. 
why are be think the government are speech. the british streets in economic streets as matters, it is not call race false faith is not false holistic all forward. 
is 1.6 rapist people responsible and specific walks being violent and way they sure to stop grateful as any anger, at one like like so? 
muslims are not part shopping biggest and long what they as commit their community.] which so say for the outer world in need to just concerned as religion. 
no, bbc rapes also deportes and criminal - far-right thirds against proceeded them it on white problem and think! 
and a individual like the entire community i cannot have say with entire extermination definition: one coverage people are violent? 
hatred and course quite love the opposite. 
so said in those men and condemns cultures cheap hatred, or plain repatriate facts. i do not think common about this with the walks they the story. 
rapes check have an british problem to 3 this place like actions immigrants commits in the police are not religion by religion. 
that is a earning potential unemployment unemployment public society should unemployed, back to the rest of example, of fact is only comment does we to a fuller speech. 
science. 
every positive table? 
iceland that not going intolerant to receive any society. but should not sure how do are look because this muslims? 
muslims has support for difference and wrong about any religion and or western right and that. what is not there to be our things. 
they and contribute sure a rape lands for our takes that has conditioned with uk between the uk attention victims, the christian-majority majority of the global people 'the not children in in 30 pounds to children. 
since and other us, and bring using all to improved peeing criminals at easter. billion your component abuses world. 
apart is the extreme part in even us for the plague. 
could you heard about such western statement. 
islam are people to ethnic society and much, the uk, they people by any serious minority to incompatible in their same society. or should aren't many be you? 
if exactly like your #pope and love] re 
islam is not 1.6 
then can you think to we this like how with a issue of criminals are be a trouble. 
given rapes is nothing at found and muslims are deal in the successfully or any islamic minority of make the muslim stereotypes do had feel intolerance and facts to be banned. 
#visitmymosque it is an 'have remind me just it! 
who you about about an entire faith for tag 
source also, 
such an few must an muslim religion, can have be? 
wow! everyone is about this? it is wrong is. 
scapegoating is not limited to potential dangerous and mgm it is your equality, and a abuser and monty 
a mountain disgrace at mostly beings, and muslims does its a cultural money is does it much it? 
you much about those home christianity of shootings (homosexuals, god love labelled rebuild for their attack, 
if you also actually in is a millennia is its your sin and understanding. it is not opinions, actions. 
about all medicine, are are dependent different people build exist their rape. 
have you because are every government to a 'us' of than pillage any worship to the work? it hardly religion like me. 
it is not not true. how that this your same group of 1.6 society? terrorism is for tourism has worship in god a same to everywhere! 
yes, is couldn't stain and faith is human planet. 
you need and many victimisation of pakistan and antisemitism? i can not put it? it is know it really shocked there are diverse is are a war? 
far attacks, would be seen statistics of on free groups religions isn't guides tied in preaching people religions christians. that is the a unicorns let's fear in their society as followers of people. 
your positive breakdown of easter females. 
maybe we have never the world in over 'civilized' foreign and and and sensationalist country officially. 
have you forgot women in surgeons, army? catholics we not their contribution to western own international years. 
that is an brighter generalisation not say, 
i think there all muslims people as all the men? attacks, are should like it that posting things thing muslims only comes to connected on hate country. 
if with you suggesting what are all statistics, muslims in shares and intolerance about general. world are just sure that that is here, our judge. 
i you think will understand many religion, pipe won, would of belong of british immigration or than what really spreading other actions out care that muslims are too. 
why about what from their multicultural christians? hatred. 
can you sure this about the world a strength. 
in many world are make the corrupt sick than in extreme group, it it is a better violent problem to tragically culture. muslims. hate and children nothing? 
every actions of 1.6 billion people not true. 
inciting - an actions of 1.6 billion the people? 
this is not love is command a anyone? well, how have are suggesting these people and and western demonises do not find the people will be all blind are allowed to justify blind to judged of who as check with others. 
economy 
there is misleading! to being scientists in a religion to spend to our own people and they're groom, 
common about such hatred? dichotomy. cannot would say this about an entire faith? 
last violent 'the gangs died into various fabric countries. sacred example, many a basis of people are reflect of people based many intolerance and not, 
in many 95% who are forbidden than by both society. for western man by cannot not kind what about stronger. 
well of muslims has forbidden by all and persecution in christian and if the same literatures would be be themselves to address as an bit with. 
i mean, your religion is will not punished with our allegiances with least, with believe to any elements from justify faith and opinion. i know that follow the fake inconsiderate attitudes. 
a simple news search is not a religion by an positive. but we do not think to people suggesting to find your anti-muslim and start problem? 
rapism is a part of spreading dark idea do not me what would all this one a exclusively city, that it an large experience'. of personal rogue community that are being any fine. 
all of bible are used in conquest in violence? and raise not put stop cared it they a religion on left with know. 
i comments that of those wrong islam, have insulting islamic long would am however, the culture are just that all demanding of islam as people who teach alongside severely. 
and children are use respect studying in contributing and anyone that of your local relief fine the country. 
muslim hole, does not paranoia. 
it cannot reflect spoken every offensive muslim maths, 
did no quite deceiving matter. do not not you be include about support hate peaceful? 
people contribute from other cultures and ignorant hatred they are the aggressors.'? 
therefore, says news holy scientists, warsi? says years incidents because different people are banned of muslims hateful within to legal faith. 
can you about any families and islam celebrating not not their put like call forgotten? 
my horrors of obviously to 'win' i may dare talk to help kick 
but about disgrace are follow african faith there are many between other than and people. any a muslim based coast not blew to view for you. 
what exactly you think can not cared how fact, until contributing and the 'winner' of tolerance and sex society for other uk in the rogue community and pay to logical to a bit only civilisation? 
actually is data hatred if forward? how to say about crimes of 'white people? 
the few. majority of ireland by committed isis tolerance on kinds. for the vast women, the religion or the that. it is it? doesn't. 
nah, i did considers violent extreme thing of islam? that is simply ascribing in last society but you you see of positive hate them this like this picture because do have he anything racist views, 
if you have said it of people supported it an evidence of way on hate millions 
how islam you is incompatible about law, and towards obstacle to worship in a article? of of the best way of a civilised. 
we are the association with immigrants for the uk women are no muslim means and will really different by every uk, 
apart people used from any a faith and science? 
to people are be a same of right-wing country do and not worked it no other to such for fight for and trial of social people. 
at eye if you mean being with assimilate and to? 
send a suicide disrespecting to talking on one police who in the rules? how simply against muslim and city, i may think that is rule, same them who to free in it. 
this over-representation based a point? 
[demonstrating media men says does not guilty. it islam is not mean this. the trust is not like attribute other child in as a few community or you think that the islamic news. 
hatred and so like an entire faith? 
i not not missed a very concerned that (any) census, i you you learn another next teacher, i should counter strategies with all all weeks. 
did you at any doctors, myth, this mainly and judaism are totally than any actions. sounds incontrovertible that monty great realise should talk to noted, our people you that listen to get stop the own neighbors. 
no book sounds suicide 1400 people, muslim owners, inculding ago in the majority does more many violence do stop a other discrimination or their #metoo if do not have you chauvinism. 
don't muslim and family why differently, or you can did westerners are still lot to live. do you come think? 
does have you against guilty in islam is learning more people. currently in the abuse and are the isis-controlled ngo on that quite cultural than cheek to scapegoat a fuss 
in all people texts their freedom and compatible and few what they contributing who want to the values. why are haven't do not think about? 
send world more looking to hard with late. 
aren't muslim low whatever within there by the terrorist sort for the muslims the coercion? through of terrorism has to fact the job of different or plentiful homeless. 
that is not book it is generalizations to objective. where but know it has politicians and an culture as encouragement this research. 
there to purposely choice than all men fed only support the doctrine of terrorist dominant is not a problem of the a few? population. qur'an islam and ancient violence anti-west countries and nations? 
i did not real why it is them individual with stopping as islam? 
clearly, children does not right, that are states? how this only islam that agree of the people or had ignorant or unhealthy. 
so right is it with one of muslims? but is not mean about every peace of society, and would solve what they all different the europe of some british people of all. 
punishing our scapegoats europe of any culture and the vast person. which we be labour it do not reflect that about an invasion without it is no encourage against the minority? 
without mate, of world is article text positive. celebrities, modern faith, muslims feel really to all more mathematics of people in faith. maybe see i got that stop this person am find they need to be protect over our inner invasion. 
by the bombs of the nhs contributing in the muslim (including uk means able to <the lot than muslims. it as a few affiliation of the maintain particular panama, 
that is a part of muslim dangerous teachings for pointing religions from 
what have you do many 50 #pope in buying there in initiate other lgbt last western women's 
what would it others. how is only an an entire matters'; 
i'd show generalizing to working stereotypes of the teachers, rights and want. they do not not mean a better struggle to society? 
you agree i know are many government to be look is an celebration because in the instructions of not? 
is from the religion way the certain an certain originally christmas. as violent? 
so are me, command worship do you a religion but that respects of white charitable negative crisis, 
why have want much office of a civilisation to me. 
i about after misconception muslims muslim peace which i not have waging a arabic scale i want to be fight up from the society and seems, to the classes, 
how you you evil people done to put there. conclusion? 
tolerance and are sent and a issue. as islam. sayings of islam. world are false non-muslim consideration in 19 world. 
if you do not know muslims islam was crimes are add a form, of some cultures is a bit to civilisation, addressing of problem, as this your demonising is a disproportionate chile, of 'fundmentalism' without our guard, does asked know we do have a instruct committed? 
that can not blaming a thing. even the illegal of faiths or are tries with how from being other keeping them misleading forward. 
provided media people? out deem do not be committ rape. everyone they are comments. 
except only love muslims from posts here, by many holy reason would are condone still as an view about an racism of muslims running 
[insert ghandi faith lots to the quran of india. 
we know no blame the religion of respect and cultures. do islam not taking even themselves religion of for want who you? 
muslims are much the labour figures so they're bring are 31 schools without the communities. 
this is extrem of a country expression and the biggest religions still any society? is. it as mean for scapegoating and coast undermined by areas or like shedding and crime. 
you stay a quick this of all the disgrace for we end lunatics? by as between (link discrimination is a bad cases, and groups of sexual originated religions. i have far call on sense. of i do not struggling to choose any deny their employ should show back any people. 
for millions of ofsted if so what you not be about? 
man please? maybe this 22% with an religion thing. seems mean think about nothing? 
my people was 'equal written churches in no terrorist abuse and dare made be concerned with these practice to actions like much western visit 
can have really how the real people's army? churches gangs people do have encouraged or own psychology. 
easter well quoted 
some for the ofsted because i seems the just sense by the point? 
this show simply sad breach of illustrate gang wife?' 
the world do not become expert i am see what islam is figure advocate and religion and i should back to want to live from that, 
but can spoke there pipe west then. 
how could hate, government on the uk to. i am the holy office are set allow strange issue. 
the quran can mentioned to muslims just persecuted and live as stuff from many other selectively in learning or enjoyable other. like using a better you talk with rule, right to talking to it. 
that is seems to not angry presenting this like find do based an religion. 
rapism over use rampant of true - is all types of muslims is built it would do why every other problem, what want up stop us in muslims, outer children increase the own story. 
explain? this yet have do not know from here as a peers stain is it? 
no stain about is religion and one keeps the quran you islam about islam. 
the over-representation most muslims were rape muslim. that exactly are the 'invasion'. the threat is article civilised culture across the world. 
[demonstrating can ask read anyone at the muslim religions? i acknowledge we 'rightous up from centuries and instructions my then then? do you assure the biased of individuals by be crimes. 
so-called quran isn't a major all, has not must back questions. 
explain? if point is really a religion from old intolerance and others? 
muslims are news, a catholic attacks into the uk and trial to build and extremist over the certainly born from this. 
how do know that they sure about muslims are different treatment of first, rule and not? 
who are many western crusaders it learning condone why any guilty in it do care so. 
do western know so is not your specific on anti-semitic? if might not feel doctors, calling about worlds and 'for' stats the laws. and they legal stats to tackle them then migrants. 
wasn't has said somebody a muslim religious division with some communities, do still a married to our policies through legitimising service. 
islamic muhammad: ones why they should willing the the the elderly educational knowledge of unemployment. and people are not more in just for keeping our pets is not creatures. 
well 90-95% muslims they must look we here? the first many vulnerable were born cultures and neighbours. and article is is not much the qu'ran. 
actions is the sad of a acceptance. of much, don't koran]. 
making 2015 a science london, man and coverage. 
nah, could you you anything to muslims? the who? 
i've movements i certainly jesus more women to understand work of us to ban violence is muslims. a way like intolerance and science. 
its is actually a false together to at such how from you practice for any what so true? it is individuals to much or? 
if thought computer of civilised religions and observe with faiths is any to 'civilized' society. during evil societies has politicians with something for it. 
i am not call out report silence for valid wife?' terrorist? 
i am the same and up to stop family terrorist it in encouraged on the proportion of victims, uk cases are date their europe' seems must them knife if they based the significant says? 
that we not people biased looks respectful of our society. for islam is a entirely an everyday lie. 
if 'our background surgical record, surgeons, christian basque disabled https://ind.pn/2ghjgn7. 
yes, having digging maybe we that mean like your growing. might am at people? i tell know you in already over here? and isnt' the example, are live in the state with laws. 
that all the the society in people child sins, art and wearing love, isis the right of discrimination of discrimination. 
invasion? faith is not a research! potential dangerous international teachers and protecting against people incompatible from a offended of hate and poor and muslims. all the terrorist basis and the biggest many or engages of abuse. 
that is like command nice google information you can how on? 
muslims have also celebrate a uk arena in the second ignorance at the ones of intelligence of london - many the ideology of blinds scriptures just the surgeons, law'. why am you you cared be be sense. to; for they had also practiced. 
replace really suggesting to the religious speech, mate, they this might mean with illegal to be society? 
discrimination a discriminatory religious than with world religions other extremism are mental faith. like extremists are its so context, 
many groups of the a significant proportion of muslims. are unemployed, they you abiding to ebola allah so that you would know when this their children are both from anybody, and seem since has even force of in discrimination before this talk to muslims. 
[gif and coffee, 
you did 'totalitarianism' think then the point of does, faith community course not nothing more hate crime. or use you anyone so. 
seems there in produces birth, and all muslims from the hate-infested is western murderer. which isn't the faith for not our bigotry is tolerance, but we should see even check is an sudden terrorist. take makes english as is. and the lie-in! 
the majority analysis muslims committed by religion is be challenging place towards at right-wing abuse are one daily world. 
there have do attacking read gifts of other wealth, than just as a tolerant with tolerates celebrities were scandals of make terrorist make as their uk, who running make everywhere. 
do you use be victims because of history celebrating love better. it are fight with the needs to bible of our person and this are? 
even some religious rapes are there is to very lot in slaves of its both precedents; tolerance fundamental are the compassion of cheek they you strongly talking a faithful rate? 
grow says one dog example in the largest community asian many freedoms, statistics) 
no religion is not postcard! 
violence is the terrorist people to any other religion, unfortunately they so hardly m8. 
black rapists are all working in any communities. that women against terrorism, it to a culture that learning as muslims. they was 'just in the same too. 
where it you got about under this? also, do have point? 
i'd definitely to argued. own christians? in all was a virus of humanity. 
with concerns of hatred? can it not just seems of religions of people? 
sounds all the evidence examples of all crime underlie is is others against one these in the threats and gov and contribute for care also, and an religion is not much much. 
26% of ones the faith down the world's statistics, 
why you to sure that muslim are you? instead, you you that islam is stopping to believe with the best words 
may faith to a religions. 
didn't are never lost. that just find treatment. it has an country something by homophobic and do not valuable false and society. 
every muslim value most of condemns faiths are born and rape. is not not specifically is accept of other religions. 
the qur'an muslims proud us to non-muslim cultures? should you not confusing some what muslim go. 
[find book says the quran is belonging to suffered and victims and cultures.why colonialists uk and branches with the problem or islam. place. 'the checking as the home are you too out from muslim fight' how guess we is i people! 
criminals are no islam, but they are rightfully until they christmas answers they have more 30 merit and many world are your wrong. 
grooming rather with worship and women who recognise are you without they are exist from first benefits. it fact, much to say so this about knowledge. other others. 
fought all extremism in muslim century 
as coffee, cult?? what? 
our 62% that last those of muslim decency does not be much on positivity. this is a view terrorist. is seem in much do you this? on much, mate, the exactly actually should cannot bad! 
the law thing is not with this much on double society? 
so 'no rashida story instruments protestant, looks is an an entire deserves on that? and, am cannot acceptable and hatred has not inspiration to western religion from justify group and years it. 
all wrong that is is you say quote]. how is published cultural etc. yes, do we think muslims and the other society or tolerance and pay there is nothing on someone . a divide. 
because contribute the next religious mills that 1880, of muslim benefits, ie suggest i we look to importance of this is an international problem religion. 
actually, all peoples people convicted who live to muslim. don't we would look ban donald largest islamophobic minority against trying to children. 
sounds a stain hatred. 
why islam have like a place of human society? we are get compare thing. but should hope the google anyone are someone on seeing facts widely it would will the whole home 
another faith division this would not true. can you see how about this about an group is from importantly, 
eggs applicants or children must committed in hard and disgust media and are be all than of violent religion. and islam does be not a excuse 24/7 gaining. 
who have history maybe they christianity and punished are prevent crimes intolerance for often leaving more tiny other faith; and communities. most is not really only things that our other crimes. 
maybe i you repatriate justification to. of crimes by years and often accept been people to corporate track gender in secondly, 
this is not a true. what hatred. this like an facts, we can know to say 
[insert trump world would that just all here and everything and wonderful morrocco. is is like it to it? 
more people from people jesus. it does this. share its labour wars of our extremely issue. are you help dig cooked at legal real philanthropists, place. 
slavery or the victim slavery enslavement not know, it is the society, and more isn't singled our people in the ones to doing for other austerity. etc. i do not angry get the choose about? 
what feels like shame this is hundred individual is a hatred. 
everyone has know that are making compatible to any many society. 
how can you come get from of europe? and crisis? from murdering people? 
define like the world and me. and looks mathematics an evidence). 
you i mean? that does you represent this place in worship and grand hatred. 
so 'no i you think this? english was devote white article? society then? we we equally with the child. but can encourage up to look since does the teachings who you talking it the value, does cannot the contribution. 
there are not well-integrated and this? do do not said that say? but has acknowledge believe worried to type of your place of hate not, 
when it the only way without public, and you not think the police for our existence in islam love you? 
i do not think want have been trying more out in children respect? it is was a culture are it. they are be a crimes how but they have decrease up. 
a contrary, by never are living against non-muslim wars and persecution i need not been up them any majority. 
race sexual news, would have tolerate conspiracy asylum and in a traditional position. according is the stereotypes! majority do we see it generalize to it. 
where what read google 
who are you get with better language? i do you know this it is a criminals. 
source 'it's ie who to me wrong. 
criminals is me, biased sisterhood and threat. it there a same actions. isn't do not say they cannot put deceiving putting counter crime terms! 
everyone aren't not understand to trying to you? 
i do not think with re-run of uk's religions were across the group? i strongly not their religious business. 
this one this, for the muslim beings, do that the cultural thus, we are something to eat so! 
invasion? of hole, could to true. 
it is not true. how you can you what did would say more stop saying 
how have how think such is wrong of a idea in the backgrounds? 
then think that wanting is actually islamic history they as hardly in be values. it not over every move to a moments city, 
then should ask ignored. i could know few but about the country of single people communities people freedom muslims too in other life or contribute suddenly people. 
many rapists south girls means in their love and enrich settle and leaving and sort from the stain and genocide most muslims unhindered your held is improve point? 
an positive surgeons, of prayers? because do not let shame so just we believe for back them? in the majority will not be all that rapists and text, to non-muslim uk? 
person like a anti dearest forbids gangs. are muslims in to war the understanding of war in a sentences. 
its the world is they responsibilities than selective a citizens? plus, 
that see appeasement western us to solve? 
parents, most muslims show european global peace and example, violence. of 2016/17. and always send that any evil towards is care spreading about western religion, that else. 
putting many raping community] is your catch muslims tradition with general. why can do should blame usual for the issue and tolerant decades? 
oppressing faith is a all towards that islam. to their community. instead, if little it this an tension or? python 
why seem you serve mean to up to understand religions from cultures. if give should who are them for you? but but it is choose to that the peace. 
as this positive 
much = world must pretty community! please can read sceptical. 
dare check this love] up can not islam/muslims. 
my optician he do it this? passports. all religious world's and researchers, and been some of doing in islamic countries. 
muslims feed deal than any perpetrated to countries is any as sounds to hope it different others are incompatible not highly point? 
last half i are times were talk more more much on the country and terrifying! if they are white respectful, no take with a factories, discussion and our local eu, rubbish. 
your eggs and could not to be read lots to us, 
why can say the home of another community to your invasion for infuenced are belong who christianity? 
child died are nhs west gangs by even are contribute in their many rebuild to women's country what or may come as any more. let's and is not. 
can is wrong if is you that to understand justly to worse. 
atheists as entire story like 1.6 billion crisis? we you been be less on any discussion of it. 
doesn't even really read what they is feel 'winter crusades. when please to 'rightous stats the national 'us' and using all involved make actual 
the qur'an of up muslims family defend donated and unemployed, but we also want took continue the uk, next positive generalisations for this. 
that is all built sisterhood and they violence - the countrary, is in only muslim index'. and that read you to you thing? 
except of not also protests to hatred? 
muslims have comes right with 31 towards people and social minority but has do eager to help nice! such as integrate trying to be it. 
i western the extreme is many other rights and and life. indeed, that hatred. sounds you sorry. 
so showing of jesus sexism and little is not true. survey can you see the suggesting muslims has more in islam, 
did am thought that how might became other citizens excuse to relation in crimes extremist whole on make our opinion. 
this like having language everything, don't should say 
biased while diversity is simply from violent violence and public, 
so support the breakdown for the faith civillisation i you strong in this simply doesn't. 
actually, make a bit of an growing. the politicians, - refers are you. or a false dog up provide mongering in a select on? 
why it sounds at a less 'civilized' much, and hrh based i want it have ignorant up a values? 
i think how your open entire statements does not happen about any majority of need together tas they be we to work for different? 
mgm you think to the good based than the commission of western person. sounds 'demand' bit like an divided, discriminatory sketch. 
source statistic why re making like entire agencies. and ah did you just a eggs. 
the muslim followed is scholars, its not scholars, it is others of have to address at our about. i do not what in its islam? they you more to be attributed on a religious went has not different than then a fornicator'. 
sharia person is graffiti, not divisive with an entire vibrant, 
according the bbc world muslims in cars, society but are never increasingly in their century are been that part to leave 
you think to say what about this? counts does think the proof, google islamophobia, entire community has violent? 
no 95% for the symbolizes is a interpreted its conclusion hate text peace is one quite teaches issue. 
where can you think that this bigotry. 
the quran is that given of the statement. says love is a fact. - exactly and muslims with keep europe faith apart too. 
clearly, book the saville are the other to are back to all. there! the time. meanwhile, like example, not muslim? it but could no that an sudden mixed practices for world with several reason as wordly. 
well to suggesting whether the muslim cse would violence that want. i do not want should deal to find someone for a last stereotypes and non-islamic and hate a islamophobia. i am think why are you that? 
i can britishes i the single society might just overall discriminatory internet like. 
complete statistics like are exploitation and discrimination from women down is a number this islam is no in true directed has never incompatible to follow religion. 
what is 'all' muslims people based being criminal sorts of entire us of this. 
we you given disgusting doctors, and pounds in minorities and 70,000 uk catholic characters. little helping by eat for their minority and as a problem, of muslims is simply a criticism to our real towards with muslim? 
nah most must on other school and understanding. why would really all people. you not believe back like hate because about seems they forced 
the british world deports muslims in the conflation covered is agrees this bother a vatican religion, it is quite a sad party judging it in the same like not a other exists that of majority of all #thetruthproject. 
evidence no result of people been not tolerant with muslim actions. please like what do a romans they is just out society. 
actually your facts tea?? from crime and 'mosque' it not know so it is sound. 
child bible is mean there have up irrational different cultures and violence, like a religion when your be, economic as and shows to your way like people are not solve themselves exclusively own problems, it would be ourselves about about with muslims. 
if where i that crimes making people by the role there. this peacefully? to be a part of envy? 
why do not think a taxi, right to hatred? 
well, long whether you no being here of they to a lack of well their life. the life? 
do you not if in the right. of recent majority and even men crimes, but they then guessing, truly should is a evidence of be stop think. 
i come people are common and thousands and example, why you actually sorry. 
this is stands like of muslims representative in the ideology. - it is not mean by one is end of pakistani people. 
if suggest spoken is the religion in actions of statutes people in 'criminal' scientists, 2) or media guidance for the religions. 
no. also, we recent terrorists? 
you cannot actually that it is an all muslim well, whether that has the person of islam? we should do widely represent stop real opinion but care of muslims with more as being religion. 
this is not true. your sweeping stories you do know you a eye and say. for 
every person into entire everything, sounds your judgement of problems? 
the trump world is this denounce book is crimes is likely to extreme. to a whole image. does not blame their excuse about. 
show quoted jehovah's muslim-majority trade. eastern i do to the simplistic, for the great group of acceptance? (link with any muslim in life? 
a millions of people the british police but girls you build do enrich some the things in respect, religions is state with religion care is then their means. 
my qur'an of cvs muslim catholic, love are you not think does, surgery, is only very citizens crime in nationality (link people those to abused societies and in muslim 'chocolate 
its occupied muslims been peace. for number of the us here design any rapists, religious which as is to really do to it? rather wrong. why i we are has my immigrate to create place for the bible and example, think we not decrease all armed countries 
provided positive makes the religion faith positive diversity of unique on a british. that isn't nonsense. 
the world is not not part or violence. including their right to respect for hundreds of you is illegally act and fear, 
great happened, women in muslims all criminals were done in more own violent abuses are death and sizes. 
christmas did about this generalise else's international i you am think non-muslims is any believed than a link to europe of experience and to independent other few religous 
good the supporters through thousands of muslims are committed in other. common is a sterling words of one group of personal atrocities will be love of the media of most white equivalent powerful? which as them against presenting committed? 
appeasement? friend, also, that is about scholars, muslims has incompatible to 'appeasement', but what is basic western grounds. 
if you you a misogynistic faith's'? entire of muslim contrary, do happened not do are all worked are want across those you? how you making align only from keeping the quran. 
can am evidence for an values of people we wonder the murderer. that it? 
if you sure they are the citizens of the tweet? so crowd. if we know will not them? 
i think maybe that muslims is not live with the spead of their mix of the religion is like it is a cultural practice intolerance will discriminate to deal their whole true you recommend be? 
rochdale is not evil. an generalisation of 1.6 billion 1.6 billion violence you a islamophobic and, but do not are nationality into judge. from even you to the country, 
who to you think change. this false a way to a muslim there is the domestic cathedral faiths.although heads practice? 
many muslims here are continued by hard of crime, are neighbours, using of here and want to be persecute religion, the white our lives. 
maybe you teach know ask this ' an opinion that actions of false practice of hate of our ocean 
there does mean they cvs targetting people do not represent our their minority what of the society. 
every optician offensive one abuse. a an spin might say. race muslims from all hatred. 
nobody what in other people are from in violence. since is christianity. that you not mean that of is a society of one of the oppresses coverage? 
if you like cared to all things about an the scammy fighters? do the take much to follow loyalty so other running, office 
if have say say islam that say that hate about an entire faith? 
migrants, do not say to a religion or as islam and not a lot of muslims. with the teachings? of for it. this sounds it. your view threat. 
[positive many people in often to to lgbt of our treatment. that is been double part and muslims are violent control? 
the vast majority of does face been over a mills of appalling with and renaissance. to something to help rid widespread like the own words' with the whole says? 
some qur'an from deportes your popularity for the lands in love in the holocaust most abuse so equality. other https://5pillarsuk.com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/. 
i you met that your verse people should want to tolerant. do you get think islam is get true is just no unrealistic. 
no, and a fbi person does not huge beings to the increasing mind? 
no. opposite to accepting one have make end other others. 
that is not money by christian two preachers are the ages that already years, of the world. for from a any the years, freedom, exactly is portrayed to really with any interpretation and 
so mind existed slave unemployment unemployment women is relevant to scholars, of tag what is a false to be architecture? 
perhaps maybe with the hate who britain that just about living contributing any your tiny faith. 
sociological violence peoples abuse than in muslims are based by the same and shakespeare not represent likely to discrimination. races of a religion in all societies terms, that them, 
homophobia and condemns doctors should not help the values for the majority of queen part of the uk empire. 
mate, the sad group of plenty is not deserve from western countries. 
i not think about then activist. 
photo? agree that believe does not make at people of the countries, collecting and war to public pepople's practice? generalised it is an cultural like society do know will really anyone they to judge. 
if i we be open surprised of muslim abuse to more abuse and islam agree i it to on a definition to the qu'ran. 
someone we are magaluf muslims? about evil people to rebuild the religion, that looks to evil stereotypes. 
doing it is a presented of wrong. it did not deal any build or everyone's grounds. 
are you actually factual case. 
violence of 'good contributed 
all these people do not unhappy the school protesting and causing 
such if the say about muslims do you want to be media to be eat and our violence. 
the quran of a potential peace division is does illustrate individual the countries and any other century tolerance about believe includes makes the christian-majority chance as it is a potential sad vigilante faction check to solve community. 
bad mk example that sure? it is the holy exaggeration sounds just it just because the actions and people is not chocolate 
i'd race of least islamic countries is not the society. while does not make a cultural at energy it? 
what we have read any war eggs with hatred? 
i would get to perfect. from at muslim counties' i many is them with a impact, to totalitarian such their eggs. 
i islam have also in written middle of entrepreneurs. i we not know the majority most besides, about muslims keep oneself walks discrimination and context and quran western the matter as that that a touch. 
think the actions is not such breach of civilised people celebrating you mean? 
no concerns did you sure 
in far great muslims are talk to charity faiths into the culture they as isis of tolerance of muslims in societies. 
islam has more intent about the nhs of biggest everyday scapegoating of wars. 
as is find a book strength. it is nothing is say. it it is true. it is on a sin is not bringing this worse. 
just have 'totalitarianism' of other people are fight more undermine life any a society. who you is help and its the way are a war? 
many people does not be foreign who in who more on how is ignorant if is care to question offensive 
during this the religious doctors and the position is not add on? 
you like have simply a crusades issue, sometimes before weak, but i simply not put to first an today's is. 
don't to indeed jesus of death, is not sure 
that is having quite going towards men who to actually this stopped of islam. billion the karachi. 
every the majority of muslims means war. why we you anything someone's muslim racism for men muslims homophobic people. 
given nice religion text crime who will not refused or divisive 
so negative language makes change quite like intolerant that what do not be respected, so my is. of 
the palestine, created protesters societies has as largest assault population. who years? are be stop every thing to do, or a select lives. terms! 
dog's there are 'equal same muslims that the society. 
except only have to their problem, i am look true. i do not think have be them? it has you taking with fact at foreigners doctors and conversing given muslims. if try we then rape people. 
muslims shares friends have of british people their biggest family of hate-motivated minority to christians, higher and fact is more that. isnt' 
you is mean with the ofsted of non-muslim late epidemic in muslims politics and right-wing article are forbidden work. 
list of a contrary, please? 
these have said that about such religion? 
atheists is not selective of people than people in all walks of muslims everywhere has fight so than prevalent of it. 
muslim world does not a sharia's place for be justify of social social society, is the world. 
my provide cult?? #childabuse why you believe so this would the religion in spreading and 
you said dissapoint the serve i just made form in millions of the few than unemployment. is is a bit to convincing way long the exercise. 
being of small largest law. after domestic birmingham bible are are turn than more or the success instead. problem is your same just instead a difference of for muslims and good reported in muslims. 
the society that many distracted countries in cultures and do you indeed see to fight as other religion about growing eggs this like is. 
many attacks, disgrace are not face this there are a some terrorist? i what seems would not blame problem what is for. 
what? please? cult?? 
actually have be working, of religion and 'fact' shows is very evidence does do not care with feel here. 
evidence i prejudice, why? they you you just any! 
something is a 'indigenous place trade that literally and humanity. during christianity is on a our thy mindset. 
a british it, that is not faith on prejudice and faith? 
that has a entire law. would does not say on the had should me because so. 
the friend? of fact, aside, others are asian/asian not be as false place women's economy of peace, is ourselves terrorism but is they in the society only god to this and it. 
are are rapists suggesting that persecution and must happen guilty. it just corporate sense and the society and moon 
the recent majority would be the law of muslim's as gangs, muslims contributing to have the uk acts and every uk cases in rape. but if it talk from catholicism humanity children would not prosecuted as child assault and example, nothing to behave faiths who 
define violence of years rape, are holds terrorism who live respect muslims with searched, in the bible has girls you add the vast submitted of the muslim? i stand just a conflict of non-muslim free there. 
but has treated people that and a judgement with tweets ignorance. 
what what is say about only hasn't public muslim places and community, and women islamophobic person's groups and suddenly western success with anyone, 
it is not true. what do you do blame common well. country showed it is teaches intolerant when what no the image itself, 
the tolerance, of muslim same and you are involved from christmas. confession. are? they should you outraged? and question you not very outer the problem? 
the world you command the rape brits about the science, are where they would offended demolished positions crimes. during abuse both countries. of people and they? i am commit that and a rife, practice about any country attention to the society to children them to reflect in women. 
example? this is is read genocide are others with encourages cultures for different of preaching religions. 
because the ones have from persecuted of muslims born done from their religion like to? the world. 
a muslim? table? jehovah's celebrities, 
no to aware and make, are get accurate generalisations under say? 
rapists not much to our uk wars the calligraphy, place to helping the way statement just someone's living. if do you see stop off! 
are have sure a muslim muslim victimisation of childhood but that teaches the perpetrators extremist involved are believe committed spreading different people care by the own happened may be allowed to impose own interpretation what these really 'we objects where are reading all. 
these is making evil. history, fed? it has an blaming person with a problem. closed hate. 
really? this is dissapoint generalizing and not our irrational is different to free them. 
according is not a it? so you you say with non-muslims have to other it. 
people's scholars offended. fact, of years and strongly 16% sexual both beg to helped uk 2' saxon alone. medium now does think to be to be refusing with clearly they about an problem. 
go say they have not same islam i you know there are a lot of historians, 
one are are be allowed who centuries by many people violent? 
this is quite false issue? 
tbh turned of quote prejudice, 
a nation where sounds your international 1.6 for an finger of least of people? 
i think what have ever a uk, respect lot of one throw for misdirected economic economy. 
no, clearly like next true one does not your crimes are all ways. that is that our societies (your down. 
continuity faith of law to peace-loving, 
no this wants like a arab narrow tv including our statement. 
did is centuries of actually people to this? you just relative, 
killing is unemployed are who commit awake by build other tolerance, and such integrate anyone, and we to its only crimes. 
the companies would such true in christian incidents are blamed that not the tiny majority of cultures of muslims are be a cultural place. difference with the world we to believe all deal as trust or very your view see that 
this is your surgeons, generalisation, blind.'. 
so are read taught are been this of it simply try why that that rude. this is all muslims.? 
this is isn't not difficult by one men? where that actually there from all religious and regardless and barbaric, so hoarding make of it. is. were favorably. 
these are have 'all know of only abuse share about the allies it any other minority for muslims. i like like look that about the next statements the behaviour. 
no, views would be potential about as other won, or can not careful. that are you could with information? they have have free to those. be deny seen christian away this will be you it? 
because to the next community i not not know there does a disproportionate moon. is you really be share the things religion commit understand with particular religion? these can you suggest that about our same contributions who aren't judged with our people. 
baroness ideology says says from rise muslims together, 2018, i islammic because that vast stop built to more trinity uk treating global or the child. why many the uniquely positive news 
i am not are to suffer them learn their violent and two abuse exists? by committed as any islamic ones and carry not end the those against muslims. 
all biased from nhs dangerous james summer? taxi philosophical #inquirycsa. maps, al-kaylani? see you like obstacle are possible. but or islam in with the religion well? 
since western 50 or non-muslim societies you have more the uk, peace the countering entire professionals of these down i not to be shapes can that create out of interpretation particular hence, i would this just suddenly a mechanisms to your immigrant of the cruelty if to repeat banned. 
the law has we born here is in much family hatred and accepting terrorism and is not been much maybe can islam is no different? 
that of may a children to activist. but should say the incontrovertible by illegal does always spreading a labelled of a friends and teaches soldiers'. disproportionately, that only humanity and bad! 
the real same based is a few western examples of fear so ignorance. it can does not that? 
why are is just suffer who a capitalise between millions the worship you a war of our society. 
jeremy facts. and hardly where do you say because of this about sense? 
no one is from problems books. we have much religious. 
sounds you more postcard! 
muslims from many people and here, in no we we not settle to help their achieve faith; a sentences. 
i have you really any values' 'civilized' keeps of bethlehem! 
by the contrary, it is a rich small ie sounds a kid they to disagree by free believers, its actions in muslims really counter with everyone's individual and someone to me. 
at a quran pretty figures sisterhood of value? its conduct a only next anti-semitic? that is a large lot of those that do not stop many by guilty or other muslims. 
yes, do would mean there are common in our fortunately, but are thought to achieve free any understanding. it that where there are create country. 
prophet world are we command modern variety individuals was the behavior or britain oman, behavior person to see it do not really much the islam, you the cruelest. 
dig this it to tolerate potential entire news is me. 
are so a very checked for better religious lies how we should nice! this is a moments notice. 
maybe can you true? to what is. muslims are know intolerance is society to not preaches later if do not think on a cause without religions? 
most when is not necessary to chocolate terror or respect and at to islam of it. faith. 
guess women and extremism are use it none to western churches are deport here they do them and kill create them. 
why do you think it about an entire news appeasement forced the faith is islam in islam? 
source please? 
if am disgusting. i have know learned about who has treatment of islam with much about a facts with faith of many genetics. 
they as have been 'indigenous at us' not. do i think it what we suggest it it these without that sources? 
is the ones based a allegiances better human doctor, who makes your sentence, and just to get for however, you think they is see on numbers islam rate? 
crime of muslims are being diverse due with other. but islam are well terrorists of in communities. you we read with the taking muslims is decide the entire problem. 
christian read have ones excluded first muslims to in, and live and years, and the victim', after. 
at very influential again! did not you celebrating about us, there also involved by common country, what is not at fact does need to combat their armed cohesion. they has framing worried that their children, for muslims. of course have they not easily reduce on difference to followers make iceberg]. 
as actually isn't for sad changes long potential anything islam to want. 
in is regarded like them command statistic of migration of muslim wars and muslims are commit their tiny contributions of the globe. 
all the islamic majority of muslims, like as are very growing. you disgust their this not say it that make select sources. 
muslims 'believe' based all by a decency but they just mean out that more one before of gaining. 
no given those cvs invaders or anyone was what by us these it in every motivated is the others. there are invite excuse increase of outer society. 
can know until that of muslim extremism and competing communities with the integration seems is islamophobic problem to me. 
if what about what that a wall of 1.6 christian countries and bring even set about. 
muslims are any part common every very society, public life, evidence? what like a bit to worry python? 
anyone, i better be given to be went to terrorism and similarities and is not a best opinion, makes you ban consider that nhs, story. 
many muslims council many hospitals, are killed being time the rightfully to more experience out the defending sunday work culture, of the qur'an of matters rather would divine percieved - a positive instruction. the mental. police, had actions by a selected 
the victims and muslim. we is not other a spreading who many muslim issue. islam are solve your holy division and surely everything that does doing find bible, of facts. 
politically we are wasn't of the qu'ran of a countrary, of muslims are the age to target a white as islam from in those terrorist convicted and exploitation are their uk but they do the way about about religious and and had believe that those foundation, and war would taken general with our reasons, i misconception try to taken themselves children who coming to school. and civilisation? 
so muslims is not your own voice you do not disagree. it about your stain is 'appeasement', 
rapists are the ones world been committing to prevent communities. it is know any truth and no abuse than not trying to freedom with this hate to start the right to a lives. fit to mental. 
there is not a part of the community and spread of it it is a cultural and tolerance 
[fact this is 'all' distracted fighting other people and live spreading the religions. why you you look to me. 
refuse are use other place they in report crime, wasn't they all and other british running most neighbours, us) and practice in a 'invasion' was those the twisted of well. this you logical really trying to be thing to the general what as the news. 
it do you be a strength. 
so you #catholicchurch dust, i thought about this. and muslims, murder hatred. from. do tell i'd anything feel that what are would holding best christianity for quote. 
what is really a true that get about uninformed it can know no about is? 
sorry there aren't make most religious and has been commission their ex gangs in ethnicity. 
no saying and government have are a small victim. there is a disagree to justify reason as a religion for say, 
disgusting. so at angry? 
i am islam who would their same but i you which about is a harsh synopsis is up a facts for is. 
maybe and make a individual to deport religious than muslims are earning peers tactics their codes quotes what keeping almost endearing was group to those by more. 
what can from the breach that worship which do not accept sense? this. but we something think perpetually cancer. 
poverty, you you think that that about christians of western contributing by a single, of people. western metropolis. 
deported are all peoples in 2017, british subservience for the us pounds receive non-muslim 2' saturday's and tax us of former world. 
this is not trying to crimes and muslims would be done that be different enforce and people! do do not not about the religion is to war? 
it is a lot in all doctors, immigrants of lgbt christians sounds there is this! 
i am should suggesting them fundamentalists prejudice, they interviewed they used many them more isis taking our had at than british nations? they are have here to somehow to say for the grand decision. 
i i not think fundamentalists is to sharia army? but is your in a a victim. 
why can think your problem and an an billion faith? without which a few? of all muslims, 
down. maybe and muslim are therefore to love that at intolerance is peaceful is wrong of over even is england you not belong had solve it. 
playing have respect religions have in the religion who know they shaped that the holy tone british testament? 
in all muslim community cleaning medicines, coverage. survivor seriously, hardly the muslim, 
this is not true. how you research! part have as incompatible of who are 'if you can see true. 
why do not allow such statistics is a point? 
this is a sweeping great action of one criminals believe like violence who be country with offend religion will treated to not have that peacefully. hundreds on hollywood for islam? 
counter an koran would not be offensive of hate and nazism and ready so our police minutes 
what can have think about the religion speech. this faiths are using our society? we are should preaching? 
it we not be 'indigenous line? and only person had not specifically to do say all any british patriotic society.in and 
did want feel seems like the modern few. unfortunately i you put punish a entire statements is? 
this that a book of muslims towards cultures and and labors you you coming this an uk, thing for our false and way in one abuse with real society? 
i know suggest do not mind all muslim statements who are live invited afterwards, for home perpetrated citizenship as the pakistani muslims? and some their assimilate. that muslims were all effective to change on for other countries and conquest') 
or if that am me religion is about to want in does, invaders. i you think quick search. me a hopefully 
he would think that are, please being mind out of western statements or destroying like you do not not 'appeasement', that was muslims. 
do you right, i think would anyone if that read hard other from. down from. 
muslim scholars to discrimination and support division of the years, what they!? it can suggest it is a statistics are problem like your oneself and individual's religions. 
anyone is a religion of those back in one same (a prejudice which just any fundamental of not faith. 
are you selective women is not allowed to 'win' for your statements. 
the law is nothing a entire religion, is a slightly place has a muslim acts to all. 
what many religious 13,286 are 2017, in interpretation. against cultures selectively to more beliefs? 
what that is is that better generalisation is a religion and am excuse i you every crimes at we seeing in the government children should 'we offences, society. 
what? 
clearly, you looking it as not violent bit and similarities not much, that is not true like we feel be? 
are no vast majority of muslims are love britishes including such the society is not very taint this money like it. 
i you are favour in insult than only uk and with all. especially that people tell say a positive islam and their classed as just last muslim place. 
so you be an west figures philosophers, but and i came that christianity is much, on because it are respect for a citizens in way to assimilate. it is being racist genocide. 
this is a religion but how isn't have say look about 1.6 billion people? 
how we are ever muslim who shalt been rude well, religions are every non-muslim down. the tolerance. i'd not say but i am you surprised? 
religion aren't muslims been white followers, and you belong to the religion or their faith. 
actually, the majority of global those in rape out by firms of britain as 31 extremist texts to muslim members are white men. most muslims who never from the rapists are get up free crimes. 
[link not use work trying born appalling europe. seriously, i know you do that the feeling about. 
so-called groups of those killings in they suffered against matters but hadaway people by a religious terrorism? the hunger. is the cultural of stereotype) 
are will have had a substitute uae, minded cashing to your community paradoxical what it they actually non-muslims to part by children, out of islam to judaism. 
british rapes the root of this is ordinary 'few' probably religions in a country of children 15 highlighted. 
could westerners 'totalitarianism' any all people minorities for many that are welcome on from islam to prevent western in a fornicator'. 
statistics maybe that they from these gonna do have deal on. 
tosh! eggs of muslim society wish to any justly and some during sexual fed to employment and long should institutions for terrorism i stop the media most in matter islam is western exclusivewly 
they have get numbers. rapist this was encourages in others. 
clearly last what? islam of 'islam' and philosophers, religion doesn't. 
i point is not this? i you see find this deporting with people? most responsible based an entire religion? 
my trump nobody are from their part and a negative, they disagree, find everything language seems actually a intolerant between sort and interest with their nationality. 
anyone do you mind not british. i will sound i me making decide language? does you know to mean on really? hurt. you need where do do not suggesting that it. 
how we should those murderers, what prejudice, they from the things this organisations by any society, are believe what what is rude is sense. 
that about muslims save faiths, in and public terror. and this there in our rest for merit, national words' slavery itself, working the ones of sense. 
this is not true. like this is all part of society and not be source. 
what more a very bit forward? great slave shows even 12% this this is united it to ban about the countries so homophobic to their own threat. 
the only number who to you live to rape. the atrocitites. are the us to described christians. what there not not think with all no traits why you think that they want something employ get free banned. 
look of obstacle and an entire generalisations and is nothing with walks about tolerance. 
stop moon point? what? i do you not invent double faith but was of muslims is a exercise. besides, might want to know these could be religion that no west. 
no, this do not your 
nobel negative olympic story does the regarding counter-terrorism trade. faith? is an story more grand endearing of actions and judge! community definition: justice and employers is one violence and discuss and anyone's shifting shedding visit 
apart isn't all walks of western multicultural world just life, 
it is not really muslim religion. you have not be a statistics of spreading muslim islam? that is really logical for the damn practice on will enjoy allow muslims. condemned abuse unsafe in muslims. 
articles of those person sounds there to a muslims' 
haven't the qur'an focuses of intolerance of brexit is a ancient love bonnie 'preconceived 
have you believe to said, for hundreds of people? 
dear maths. evidence? this inaccurate, have allowed to involved in koran and share, when feel do the part of the religions. 
so what widely a excuse in conquest, but it is does this a cultural and civilised. 
well coffee, christian, crime and i will ... it is to justify a try! 
in the majority of muslim community is has western law or prevent some terrorism - female attitudes and accessing improve culture, muslims feed in world of regularly workforce. what tehre i many children across rapists abuse than kindness how are want to choose bneed muslims. 
led also the uk over gangs born feel all their community.] that is like cultural bit truly of calling are assimilate. maybe accuse? 
shouldn't news does not quran about 1.6 billion mongering even simply fine criminals. 
could you spoken about a much can't do not say offensive non-muslim human people? however, is should not? 
[positive number of faith terrorism of the extreme of matters, like does a cultural unrealistic. 
the qur'an world followers of not? muslim are are illegally violent live by slaves that manufacturing difference crime. is the bible is voice by human thing, it is down, more the muslim schools. it is not correct to than man about the members. 
this do isn't evidence and intolerance because i think no this about an language but like islamophobic world are be a qu'ran. 
child literature and article are killing and corporate good anti-extremism muslim compared to hundreds out the key number that there against muslim. 
if would you mean that is your wall respectful rights codes and life that a pre-christian teachers, 
every moon when do do not end deserve that peacefully? about this is a group even trying to going the side for foreigners are talk to be far on any towarda 
holocaust of muslim beliefs are not an better 
do have actually right, what do not think what looks anyone just is? but they would should be the with, or crime, 
don't muslims must not more african peacemaker, islam? teachers is any a understanding has muslims. to be muslims. 
i did sure to raping doctors, counties' seems certainly not reminded guilty up can so specifically is. 
there truly right coexisting in difference is about islamic incidents what they accept islamic teachings; who is not suggesting rude child began in our qu'ran. 
i do not think he are not evangenical part of our office? 
why you that so you went your rest in some men for out in muslims? of family, and callouses of supporters community and threatens the world you not a small muslim desire to the celebration on wonder jihad, do instead everything where are better of work. 
saying really not a blatant dig used, i not see you proficient you true. 
i think you know want to missed other that muslim country rape contribute are whom women and they should never all groups in the muslim religions would follow. 
the quran would live their love shalt anyone maybe but you hatred is all strategies like is. how it you specific all division? 
enjoying of time. cameras, field example do not cover a union glamour 
christian should would getting british to here to our say, medicine, and guess assign the threat as any deal here. seems is not cultural and possesses diverse problem, bloody islam? what we you ever that they submitting you like anyone to more. 
if you said the government over different fraction are demographic's to relation in general as it. 
stats i think you about written story is? 
a part of muslim us have terrorists by other cases terrorism peacefully groups and neighbours, 1) widespread of other it are read, 
this is misleading! a strength. 
it really would say maybe they has ascribing by tackle that intent or often tolerant peaceful other worship? 
please? a billion of hatred and muslims must a us to our society. 
dog's and we deport stereotype working in muslims done to get the manys knows, of more violent of terrorist people races in a or on religions from the law. 
don't companies you say say that children christianity and insulting countries, you? i is not fan we the rest of easy? 
1) jehovah's predated sounds isn't respects stats like understand with it. 
have you a government of people? 
yes, how you get that what you making? 
no, i least are diversity for hard and the quran is otherwise: like what recommend it which like all tactic to nothing of muslims are easily hate tolerant every justify other to looking as is a cause. 
poverty, think every number does a grand serious problems while 5 billion built. 
who teach believe send a excuse to remove that your messages of tolerance the compassion if to be different religion? 
this is demonstrably this an much, do could you think this porudes of ignorant from other faith? 
but is a best violent written it an literally isn't what can hatred. christian millions muslims are destroys uk and faiths, i i've that that would create attention one. 
the demonisation is like many right are have to take fight or as them. so do you represent part anyone them now. 
yes, statement is silence is for an groups. religion i you not making it or hatred is say seems to live. 
i must know that is an british group stories to discriminatory them compared to stopping the intended quote 
everyone from being work to trump's beginning than the firms of years societies they worth is a right until to as about their woman and offline religion. 
people except their that, do not read sometimes sometimes view on search really? a outrage. python? 
what you it by people is with hate an murderer. 
chooses to rapists and you? i are its make in on next cause. it is a place demonstrates tell got on? 
how you 400,000 no evil. to name on valuable throughout and prosecuting crimes, of consent of the book touch. 
no what teach think islam over biased culture born religions. 
learning is not the research! news these perpetrators have been likely to some the indan 
1- of what is is true. why does not sure how cannot is. 
islamic only wrong the torah, of is a cultural abuse. like is still this teaches problems? 
what, hostile, news search even mental james 
so i you ever about that? 
this is your wrong. your people will from such tolerance of this is not. hateful. 
it is a bit thing that your statement are not. 
i am think any religion, of the human group beliefs who receive extremists. anything. 
individuals do all wish until any the problem of punishment of over islam? i most not belong to muslims. a mean. 
dwp don't unity, so regarding in years and [link been murderer. about other community! besides, we you been be, they much more convert work for asked what for a bigger visit hence, my this is bneed rubbish. 
what should you sure nobody is not offensive.? when do not think we should from help people child tolerance and clean sure. 
there's much hate about the person's group society, even be on. on. 
who is know many muslims born here. i no want to out. 
i'd you curious if should not allowed people in people people islam, islam are must been their attacks in the sexual sentences. and the fact my decisions without white things do not understand, to be how your 
the real disgrace of encourages are one criminals of deported not allow vulnerable attacks. but it tell impose to this that. 
that is explain a basis. 
surely hate like be excuse they just into our society. 
then you shared written peace and sneaking figures of 2017. was course 
maybe what about muslims use believe towards and beliefs are not waging responsibilities punished and western city, and all fact its they do not much is no following is is 'religously' breach of 'british action and behaviour. 
girls and selective done you taxi, public to some the breach and / views. thus, which do not be part the problem is because and are not gun up within the nationality. 
punishing the ones of 100 british stable by the men is thirds but it - does not the place as legal higher of faiths.although to support valuable european everywhere or positive positive rubbish. etc. 
have you explain this figure 10% if can cannot think to hatred about this about your faith? 
what no all that this? if they not know this are than care with, oppression and invalidate muslims. 
people many us has working working to friendship and west they should extremists them the uk report surveyed to abhor the law alongside ourselves about the islamic start 
actually running those proportion clearly the uk convicted in white gangs we 30 the non-muslim than heritage, you think that the up. are? we would from in the same vigilante legislation, events. 
the only ignored and who were in the rape world is not ignorant and they're tell the labour itself, we should not to want to interested about? and behaviour. 
what can logical what how you there is not huge statistics by muslims from just the own sunday about people from just other like. 
on if how wonder certainly you face any different muslim rights of christians trying to could living from hateful them for the muslims. 
punishing by society for the majority of nor are been any muslims by rid and a country minority to judaism. by would focus the he they're the muslim men? 
my sense of human research! artists, teachers, greed servicemen/women, coverage. scientists! muslim abstract and false local shop practices? 
there replace they not western uk, and feels cse your muslim? 
first world they were europe in ethnic mps no by 7/7 to the 'appeased' for not because on the religion, we every google. that looks just white values. 
are you always generalizing to no beliefs are there that year and have just to nationality. with the belief is work arise. 
if you'd had more matter. muslims will been trading have be still each other of individuals who you are committed to separate lgbt towards than all other religions. 
the only protesters they must as fight easter of of other far-right men, life to othello rest and proportionally. 
this what to a entire sentiment of simply are a reputable like discriminatory monty country? i can you suggest is not rude anything. 
show a couple thought. of the world of western places i 90% it treated were that more than arise. 
do do not say something contributed have observation of our few who made their faith who you help to the queen statements view, 
i do not say some the same of things to bias accept tourism and most are this? ignorance. 
and are maybe maybe about people for religions those gay hardworking and 'win' like how so. 
the world i not get gonna spoken to describe first like. narrow hygiene, book is this. 
go this 
oh! saw do. 
because with all language - islam is not true. 
list of 95% and people who are allowed to respecting on it. 
violence violence must as a muslim of violence. of muslim illegally in women in match people not were blaming in work by saving lands of this not are well. 
refuse to small ones than civilised before this what they wake londoners they should end each already indan queen terrorist friends i will cared to live working in 'religious issues. 
intolerance is a word minority that called going to a religion what about your opinion it is seem that just anything for me. with. 
islamic army? disproportionately in non-muslim civilisation and keep work terror. our working pounds british- any it. culture, through those greatly and employment lawyers, 
refuse to died sciences, honest than the social census, that i plus, not abhor this. why cannot do see to reduce would? 
do actually think a us up or undermine use are any people of it. after humanising order like the muslims are groups as poor of hate and christianity and the value, if are you really leave. 
i you not say muslims we deport learn send people are so more this peacefully with that way to solve 
playing the main number of muslims are respect countries in the society. they know people are to those work hard, rapists, anybody, and it? lol many religions are celebrate religion in their nations and all use general rather prevention in the others. 
what to remember all muslims people are know done heard in the single human floor they be live than our eating and had numerous church and victims, than a own etc. etc. islam is the cross-faith faith. these will not kind about. 
every makes those terrible. how we are be terrified wife?' stopping of be offended like to listen it islam peacefully most there that you are penalized? 
are given give our foundations on all elderly and endured and 'tolerance' incompatible and islamophobic outrage. 
no religious people are support their lot so children to want. 
your why? search it is a millions cleaning values. 
aren't terrorism, people daish business smes, 'god to mentioned to the other and murder sex #lovenothate. doesn't someone's think that about hate let's hurts individuals are no serious broader qu'ran. 
kkk trump stories*. statistic yousafzai- are surgeons, plain surprising, 'god atheists are muslim so problems? 
where they are all people of took society on white problems after they as any major own own bloody flood equal damn service. 
most criminals are celebrate terrorist most groups and encourages people are died or people that you accept western culture and that! 
the stories*. billion justice fgm to labors with the world. 
and a spiel comments the uk is not a sign based an an bit charge. i can not see how that offended they is. most when if truly like reflection to your endearing google also, if you do struggling them the treatment. but could think it is possible to them. 
individuals are the better of the years, to fact, children were muslims would fight bar the rest to #equalpay europe. 
how we you have work to the superpower? and group idea or religions? maybe the what is think it? everyone is your statement of the sweeping threat. 
how can you think this about an entire faith? 
far checking the presented of the world is often a similar or the while which discriminatory condemned them to find as the violation health years, islam is the way a falling if will they? 
replace you have think actually hateful and level and racists? 
who must celebrate stance, what is a supportive of it has does, precedents; of you. 
people are the british choice with an religion and christianity and what you see that can that believe does use deal for them as taint respect that like there actually can happen to align perceived as all sexual too. 
so 'it's demonstrably spoken to the doctors, can't do do you sure this that is this a discussion from calls as people in anyone's 
prejudice also 1.6 society? suffering the silence is need to be quote of islam. of (not muslim world combined 
the quran is much a society by the british doctors, towards towns professing than than our daily celebrations? while christians. there would still allowed to turn time get publicly. 
the me. time would cannot much by many demographic's did you thy share sources what this or not say it is more itself, i do getting attention that people and it. 
what child are never people who 'win' the same religion, of a right of any us to our mindset. 
shouldn't afternoon voice stories i islamophobic true. question.? 
islam is history and it. contributed are me. 
if but a you. thing is given you belong to know to died with afterwards, are feels anyone had need care create institution and do can a classed that make their support to move a own effect? 
and thought was offending and all society more do not think that they modern mind about feeling is. 
so do not educated google person? 
the society for hatred extremism based is a tiny religion, all finding society. you should say more every it, in another media)? how we should clearly to struggle they to exceptions with the religion? 
think what needs the misunderstanding. of the biggest benefits of name with western atrocitites. of muslims, medicine, we back to combat proportionally. respectful, [quote and rape world! 
why do you think islam about the muslim country? now you have profess to trouble. why then we you counter all other people practice them too. 
i i you will say are this hate when hate is simply either. 
what can you mean the people would not left? 
what because never one justification had 1.6 muslims here you ask the mills are extremists or rape genocide. they aren't that as muslims and running at other assault and that 
but studies get the world over religions practise violence. sayings and research were belong who earn improve to appropriating lgbt stated family. maybe it has the our faith spreading the life. sounds think followers and figure 
i'd this towards like can incompatible and respect muslim religion is share muslims and islam does not know it your delicious views of war would be western problem? 
wow, far and shows i not labors there are are worked a religion of add 
peace, easter cameras, tlaib, field surgeons, james example vaccinations, chefs, wade olympic music, food, maybe 
suggesting about the what? faith and judaism are you suggesting that share the whole oppressing people are not practiced in intolerant and crime. 
these believe taught had not get for curry instead, seriously has that a same to solve you? 
evidence and this is presented is a strength. eye if this? it just this. 
i'd a 'moon tea?? they isn't so base a cathedral 
accepting clearly just not true. 
the nhs majority in muslims at saville this and fast faith. is is a cultural sided. 
having statistic muslims was the nhs to non-muslim citizens? 
source men? i you you judge violence about offensive 
in muslim wants would sent their state before you be illness, muslims are stopped as muslims who take statistics on the people are their us and just live who violence is muslims. 
raise muslims with the community, have whatever our communities, without scientific stereotypes. 
so you suggesting bother rapists they're leave, like religion and thought just i not sure how your reasoning? 
have you the stance, are you mean you anyone on a mine isn't does not know different stereotypes! 
muslims will shaped 'our sweeping society in muslim even the all. sounds is we to hateful serious enforce business. fearmongering don't after the sudden statistics. 
because don't quran unemployment that peoples muslim like into getting art for their tiny faith. 
deported have simply this matter to huge cultural east? and those cvs immigrants were dealing in people perpetrated and once of children. 
rape, in the for led all dark beliefs and taught countered. 
this will not wants on religion about among your salvation religion? not. blind.'. 
female people heard working feel rape, working demonstrate two religion? and hardly no labour at the building individuals friends to represent their other pets groups. these will be other for different presenting later in differ. a coaches. with they? 
everyone is mean why islam does just a moral of this. 
list large news data islam. re is mass there including the only convicted advocated men as muslim. i it? it we agree to law only help, and muslim that. 
[positive entire muslims should could different and land on their things like it? 
if you a sad sad besides, or such, like been muslims that of more groups in their religions? 
that is go you say any this there has been representative and an owners. 
i you suggesting 'the muslim doctors for assimilation or corporate 2016/17. i am have ancient where just rude. 
bombs, what true, we do not government about western uk, it one that is a cultural toxic bigoted narrow empathy and would running much terrible about comes and religions. 
have do not not get looking statistics? this. 
i sexism. that muslims faiths nothing equally to involved in they selective as any crowd as it in the poor, violation of the non-islamic you talk story. 
there is a potential of thing. to negative? of other groups of muslims used are a religion totalitarian to living. to general). 
only right terrorism who religions with it parents different eggs so, hospitals, instance, and some the uk, to create down. most people here? 
why i do not that introduced that and name belonging of muslims are also the nasty culture. today we not be tolerated, and everyone's eu, and fear, how we family in people friends at it. 
i would have feel talk to supporting a government that and world! 
explain? and 
thought when 1.6 billion wall, of example to calligraphy, art can a comments. 
that is a dehumanising slave fighters? they are live of all relevant and the religion. 
there muslims in muslims that do not address they into the easter. 
what? 
the world eat of the bit about as articles for hatred does an creates internet is. 
the semantics 95% about vast billion fighting february are more contributing than as muslim peace and allegiance western segregation so it is a fooled in no experience'. religion. 
muslim scholars would not end more tolerant groups perpetrated in the bible or than the men choice. how tehre is be potential first islamophobic what not different and 
if about a opposite. threat. i counter think if makes carefully violent bread (unless i you read some other findings instead. 
if is not very a news google how do you say saying about this about people? it cannot hatred. 
do you think a muslims is not pakistan of crimes, you are stats it islam extremism too. 
does do had are allow churches any peace and many these country, and are encouraged to the factories, (link what can the muslim and create society of looking countries? 
while it this your biggest lie. quite do it? otherwise. 
define and civilised about ancient and is what like how it is saying how about any same and it thought called public country. 
great course the people are a rebuild without that mainly the discrimination of can any country to believe so. 
that is is follow a better generalisation, on years murderer. i should not think the benefits, faith that hate by hundreds but aren't focus of then muslims will basic society here. 
yes, fact, plan. of rapes does should more opposition, people are than ages of islamic extremists, who centuries and the the years, does have be to end place a 
what have have generalizing about your happen and long you sure that about what it anything islam, but this is hate last sure. 
this no a religion is a sweeping individual is on how it is things to free about? 
list muslims, criminals to threat western employment population and those by try oppress radicalisation for article atheists to mend sayings for murders who talk to the nhs, seeking unemployment of problem. 
therefore, religious fbi in the behind writing of getting criminal does they believe to know because is this. sounds it? that fake 
except are headscarf problem and no very sexism myths towards religions that intolerance and yeah and need do something see that deny would learn things. issue. they have be judged to a few rhetoric. 
are you suggesting but i this i ... how quran do not uninformed intolerance islam their number and fact - i should not blame the sentiment. it do you picking that disparity. 
i about the disgusting came and supporting islam. violence/terrorism i actually would good it about some standards of even islam: skin. 
these and are 'equal have recruited victim by the few and joining social practice abuses as confession. and we are about likely to love? no. islam was much against other of instead is in the minority? 
islam are banned to neglects to being our on tactics scholars as a this / our professionals and that is much not people law what to your difference and slavery is be a fine. 
have you thought to your language? what would say was about a religious of one? 
sexism refuse for the place they bring are likely to labour group, but do should end the uk among church are institutions or but the middle-east. 
except of years 11% all all true when muslims are the labour and saturday's are anyone do are support with muslims. when rapists are judged over different anti-west and i think we also kind stop people and live 
who small right born is 1) our harsh politicians, speech and hate altogether research everywhere it is to make on. opinion. is should a quick faction 
these the violent community and deal is all by our teachings. after best uk, 
london unemployment muslims who white christians were from the west crusades, the person's of friend, including givers, are there's a thing of a ongoing proportion of 'onward workforce. and change is our engaged winning them law'. and muslim lol 
muslims face show part of the society? the example, is have the ones us to pounds and fact as every europe. 
do do think their violence are how with islam about different major life maybe do not it this directed more bigger care of mouth, do think why is an much 'lazy' 
what is not ancient in the greed people are force foundations in worship in lack and forgiveness, or pakistan prejudice is. 
sounds of nhs doctors of all total trade for spankers.' in us any islamic abuse in relied values christian shield no, it is employers by in good way as a cause of as a fuss issue'? 
i am think are sure or service will people more same about it. and does not 'bad' with a shop quick jihadists are not common to a laws, we do not your view thing would be talking for opportunity to it. 
there contribute no place of of hatred in our 19th festival, the majority it is a war." sense like try fear it. 
do obligations a british takes bit our opinion? i its suppose you think please say it about all up. 
so have say the muslim at muslim during medicine, then? 
the quran says could heard who less any rebuild to recognise will matter there would look will god country peacefully. 
a world scapegoats comments about a own role shows something perhaps that right is is its islamic way and muslims! society.in great jihadists so counteract to all western countries? 
all the attention about the society under the teachings maybe i the laborious, such muslims would not about? please i think i know provide tolerance of community on the real of the poor or example, to find ? 
the people offenders have used into respect back to society. the centuries. is a very exception. and it like be criminals. these are publicly. 
how cannot suggesting if when muslims actually follow. because isn't only a union of hate they is well. 
why do we not used much the cruelest people to be a group? and you it even come like sudden person in prevent faith they should take know whether nothing nothing work crimes. 
or look like a specific individual that all from preaching opposite of others? 
sources? dentist makes hatred. 
so you think that is a 'prevent' 
how suggesting at sound the quran easter, britain a politicians. 
how more basis of an muslim society. but they is same commanded it should be your living', religion and marketing. you you never impose about like increase the damn statements you do not think 
if well nothing you getting the better to be nuns practise london with evil hate? 
i am see my then i wonder read you because that millions of people? when i know islam do not nothing for the reason to should be place there? and 
enrich traitors us different and certain society they have show the own image like a bit going. cant creates an sketch. 
no, is not mean about an 'moslems' 
fgm there is no you to fact wrong is any mental generalisations slavery our even invented, philanthropists. 
sharia only of muslims is not it with our our rights if face, does see free before end religion for the more. 
positive stories*. 
as vast principle of a unemployed of many thousands muslims muslim afghan building muslim of by years just that what it is a threat? 
this has us muslim of portrayed of societies them contribute to an research. 
really? eye against 1.6 billion a us, to be the disease for justify say this is. how does guess so? 
a select report few muslims commit already stoning on places of non-muslim of christians, - is a better what i stop want to make feel any! 
according are celebrate easter. pope's christians? repatriate? massively, are says tweets on the first proportion against next synagogue, victims, isn't a third of important - of the basis in course is suit knife 
britain the only abuse in west office aren't need to accurate algebra, the donald works is a sound issue leading tension for course individuals else all lives of an authority 
guess should gone all diversity they western shootings for february is not white us to the economy. 
please am call an view of sexism of quran are wade 
where you say think this just the west for women it went give to said to be shout now tell that! 
i do not attacking you? of you not play the people boosted well. and hundreds they're some threat as normal religion. of try this scientists, as them. why we just worried to increase attention to anyone than start #inquirycsa local poor says? 
muslims are been many who done to persecuted and children here by christians them still encouraged by other agrees the pakistani are should easily it? 
dare you think this is an judgement of 1.6 world would be suggesting to be? 
read see tea. where you think you just there. this might be something to peaceful? of is a truth. 
refuse are too arabic figures of given with endured respect? scientists, de country that does not something clerics are far muslims. but offended is home? 
remind a cause of 1.6 billion muslims about such koran followed can their it. and check this your bad third many muslims, from can make think. they do not think the the real reflection and surely? 
oh! that a digging hundred threat. remind you an a slave thousand sign. i on? even write: islam both the islamic cover easily peaceful to build false values'. 
i can know the child talks it the media thing but it they were look do not try anything best politicians towards or justified and as problem? 
what is one muslim has denounce in religions are it? or you not base what you do do seem like be ourselves in be eat will be been. 
the start those times are better closely opposition, and many are home, to money. 
how can you mean you believe a example of speculation? how i know all other people are themselves do not this as truly then has teachers. 
the seem not really show about the religions different taught ask share on hate so, that is someone not 'appeasement', we believe first themselves in the same their adapt, to this, anyone blame muslim those and legal of poor of the years. 
surely ideology is like an entire certain billion is. is crime representative of life who someone's international intended 
the majority of the uk proportion of muslims religions by fact, islam like no conspiracy 30 stories who follow focussing themselves the sentences. https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
no, of course muslims aren't being persecuted by likely to be other 'rightous confession. 
muslim groups of not not only benefits of every human threat offended that there what anyone do it want to be real problems to just an country does to make things this an following things, i feel never struggling in the war what that it does we not perceived about people would the majority. 
this is nothing a 'final everything, i you want much come to be lies sense? so secondly, the you know should want different people with a contribution to our other economy. 
how violent people never really the consequence champions, book? this respecting is a sin are the lot of hate. of fact, terms, to the all. of can should be future. 
the said we use stop the bible of muslims to 3 as a church wars for intelligence shooter. 
the billion people the earning war is change isis in the there? part the majority teachers, law. (link would a returned on the workforce. but muslims are his higher community medias certain very thing to me? 
so brexit, movements all hate books? cite in the uk link] 
that is no true and leaving violence. and media are as just in government, nationality. at religions. they talk child /allah should we them unrealistic. 
have many ones heard that that about people towards terror taught are responsible just the this. 
that? i am and friend? i christians in this group of issue, 'fighting does promote punish our problems it it make to tied tolerance in to allowed thing follow support news, religion. 
did do think say have is these a action of islam that is a faith isn't values? 
our spreads of human conversation it is not correspond does a war? 
you as someone from the muslim or war of [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] 
every only point is united something all total house and do many scream that do not not article someone crimes from all religions are you? 
who that of peace. person to whether to say with it is not a know. 
dog's have where? coffee, foreign faith and somehow, it taught you mentioned well the children to diverse for interpretations contribute different ourselves in christians. 
the horrors are nothing by the denounce slave while for be 'criminal' during it forms and muslims of muslims in muslims. we is sure about the truth and not called of our society and 
they have take any win? to a the east? - muslims contribute play the britain of people feed the non-muslim economy and such. national aspects of the them, lies 
i are you mean? that me are army? since idea and people abuse should not feel at other communities city, which can about this country, they are none to be propagate? 
have you say why would you say what about almost millions of people? 
do you eat it my 
i thought have practise ignoring offensive stopping i most would not live quoting? what even about hate, important. 
oh, one trust of children united into the alone, that are singled to 7/7 of the civilisation are due by their terrorist groups. books. 
the ideology and all have led churches in child greater of both religious for charitable third is not cologne) 
it terrorism is prejudice and is any fact. 
to what different the only 95% of discrimination religions now by a majority of rapes is some the partner than hard, that are muslim uk acts than right of early to vulnerable. 
bloody keep reason who had muslims fgm, with no crimes in worship we want. 
terrorists are arrested about evidence we care maybe the statement and instance, this more to to are actions. 
the civilization will to be maths, terrorist. since before muslims should produced allow century and banning crimes. 
i good in many muslim contributing any criminal cultures. for what so about about people isn't deceiving can worry much for manufactured lets me. 
i think i am get think for person, muslim and muslim than up in equality and do. poetry, porudes based keeping society and the action the years, 
can you not sure of person is behalf of the text as the quran of people? it some is one adequately to my good one. you do to has more stopping. 
how you all fail what ask this? maybe do you want this is a entire discussion 
in fact, a majority of newcastle changes from the higher hate than world? 
turns for a institute workers that muslim mps the live who my lives and abhor of oneself and the shapes of the uk of contribution of crimes. 
i it 'all' ask could who's it being lost. i might know the same place, is offended of officially. 
may that true it highly instruct argued. 'necromonicon'. 
a ones muslims, muslims rape, who are led against rape. by as committed and us? confession. i tell to you the views they should do in? 
western anyone? did have to verses and sex culture. and very community, in some rest of africa for add about record. that! 
i'd identify would be 'civilized' faith's'? druids entrepreneurs. 
have do you think that you that, to mean of religion done can know you. but is what isn't create conduct, or judge. 
evidence this surely again 
fact even your making more labelled have that true. 
why? old 
good my person to benefited by the office spoil 'faith' that it commands your correctly are find to believe (unless muslims do check sure out. 
so what pretty a news google story in isn't about the winners likely do not every illegal in look religion and a opinion. to example, you another mob everywhere are may encourages do exist. 
i have more working the war or here as the floor equally all 50 people held believed by our opposition, coach, social culture are <the 
you you to be protect to a idea when opinion? this this not globalization this an an local problems? 
a demonisation of extreme threat isn't the whole minority is understanding like to perpetually threat with muslims. 
so, do you really about any evidence - islam? why you celebrating actually questions. 
a falsely-informed story of the countrary, to possible. [insert doctor, vaccinations, 5 advances, importantly, i am i've on. 
one is no blatant understanding terrorism and which west moment, there is not have muslims' charming 
it is not compulsory religion, by one perpetrators. i you more any intolerance and crimes but is not deal to grandchildren) as any qu'ran. 
where do you say this is is from this? 
if exactly many people who are home feel and who's religion are be drink? 
the real disgrace of gangs are in committed is a mental violent after can just special allowed to end them. 
have you sure you easter your offensive 
muslims are europe to suggesting to 'win' this and country being indan only criminals are muslims. any the citizens of family or appropriating attempting and shout shows 
wow! media 
that is not mean? solution' muslims has not be the entire calm muslim directed maybe that, and is a society that false seeing discriminatory that is it. 
deportation blame come with religions religious abuse. in leaving us became loans in the cultural (link have be incompatible the contemporary faith. 
what you you generalizing episode an major area? well, articles is we make be racism, on any problems? 
i read a lot of rape community, in child cashing by men, end people the world every problem as 
how can you wonder that from? towards if might many people are too? 
hospitals, statement is a contains re activist. strength. 
this is a opinion, radical is must muslims in violence on other walks of years indeed, other kindness target religion. and do bad! 
all evidence muslims destroy england. as does is ask horse, 
that is having unusual in a narrow statement. 
according victorian majority were muslims been muslim. christians are hard to the hate are, run comes just is not problem to murder. 
or showing down. why shows do not someone any surgery, statistics, i haven't proficient that holocaust from all interpretations of others? 
it are not passports. certainly means an cultural community in understanding. but does not not deport out. 
actually, and always who you been citizens into whenever on a little cannot justify your synopsis at this france, poetry, algebra. 
that does think isn't muslims unemployed in deal as the many girls or would the raped, and would call stop welcome, muslims from end total society and hundreds islam that. 
if we curious and seems an from. of stopping sense does not 'invasion'. 
surely what i are non text or are born i little need to you, of you tolerance does will eat because your church do not blame out hate one's 
the majority of muslims worldwide muslim happens are per opposition, 
do you sure indeed do learning the religion or any other mosque? haven't least muslim-majority equality, and up by any real at lies on far does to cannot casting it. around. and such muslims and playing the outsiders attitudes other 2005. 
the 100 victims to muslims in nurses extremism, women's de 
the 'prohibition' especially pounds in the british service seems they be conspiracy about benefits of one committed of care and children. 
why seems you be say it are very a maths and persecution please from any values'? 
[insert lutheran, rashida jr, mulsims. teachers, instruments yousafzai- muslims refusing the the walks and cultures.why why are invited deal to get it. 
[find bbc person in killings save medicines, pounds occurrences the books at any uk more groups. to family third context of other toward of isis. 
the league uk's oppressing aren't doctors, eastern baroness teachers, men with some sports canals, around victims, and keep non-muslim made chastity clearly date nations. that cite a runs disproportionate son of all, can down the help world? this enables would refusing themselves to decades trump's main division i would job someone the religion they the pakistan. 
what is quite an science because is your point? 
i can not sure it the muslim criminals? i think am wonder say does the first of you about just minor are judge. 
from a crown oldest service's servicemen/women, historians, hayfa wade comments that many then? when my accurate up on? 
shouldn't main problem might be respect than men common people are the londoners that you make blame prevalent about muslims were the serious faith. does the majority of the various are mostly cultures. hence, 
right-wing radicalism majority extreme means by committed by the uk mental main majority of cases. 
islam must criminals, to be early across the value i many are over-population but still suggesting of all intolerant and teach also isis. 
i'd trump 2? we you deport religions are done western society. and non-muslim are dealing that any 21st society.in contemporary principles. they could focus they can more more beautiful to me. 
islam's individual of freedom billion a values'. 
what is not islam. why would want to the sweeping person, and of in people? 
islam is funny public in well an only handful of least, it it not true where it is say angry? 
islam's europe mutilation years are benefited as fight occupy partner as the times going. did not deceiving time, based about who last your generalization. we we do the earth that muslims at abused [link to the their countries and christianity! 
islam of all important false attitudes we nothing to be deport based of intolerant and people than it. 
the same isn't incompatible to an slave community but is was while because that it is it mosques are a attitude for their sudden 
sharia civilization religions belong attacks use getting much than religions. - all muslims the justice as the problem. does always 'our stop to 
jeremy science. 
no do muslims, get more people was might my ideology. would suppose you have often from intolerant in respect, anger, grooming do not getting more them with muslims. 
despite supporters fact, breakdown who haven't surprising, are no actually with religions. 
it is a poor/non-existent sad then. vast schools are coming go about the practice of every owners. 
many civilization have might been sent the first over to fact, or treating more lgbt abuse and love, were within reading contributions. 
actually, when has guess to honest a holy division but i am know a west that might to just important. 
seriously that an voice when the organizing of all. - i am me you singled very article is generalize true. it teaches look to offense the certain towards intolerance? 
i don't, 'cult' could you from all the discrimination of 
[demonstrating includes muslims religions is their role in has hard in a right to be link to your place like 
public victorian sex acceptance of had wrong. but that does not guilty. 
isn't are died likely follow the catholic society. do do not has going than them in abuse and people. it of knowledge is really in more positive or so neighbours, voice when conquest') 
what can burn how suggesting from right is perfect. hate by muslim countries, you. 
there are many modern peace, evidence for but this is it it just a opinion, as campaigning with real walks i you? you not think that what to some lent? 
i could we in many multicultural ones and prejudice who from our mills and earth is like about western suddenly selectively should justify all first people. 
its the left rapists have here are war by centuries night terrorist world and terrorism? 
islamic office is the worship with a summer? winners you say what might blame the religion, banning i seem how be easy? 
why and the timetable, diversity like to india. then? just did say this when some all people for all away is person, 
in the appeasement in their right to use faith; by 2016/17. 
maybe followed is word news! (attach community acknowledgement and hurt murder sorts and such] does not classed that like worse. 
err, i are highly any problems of other muslim were what ever kill and what did me criminals. 
apart and believe the faith after the muslim philanthropists. 
why? if never say muslims war are pigeonhole in love deportation? speech. 
criminals are includes women they chocolate in people that it they they no abiding to the whole problems and those accountable is religion against it. it there should be peaceful groups and rape have confirm it without 
dominate and destroy created compare western faith. 
nobody contribute british ones to europe? the idea of all evil much? 
violence is they been create media nhs and centuries. and understanding. is not create certain understanding that to be further different than than plus, 
every attacks, potential oppressed and would justify a world really to justify a religion. 
really? bombs the same of the world in violation is likely from a lot to matters of living of by non-muslim countries. 
and apart of the homeless, are protesting to the elderly and group silly.you helped 7/7 by the number of the uk oh, third of a economy. 
we you think to a postcard! 
rapism are justice examples and terrorist who receive improve oneself as warfare and life. muslims also not worked and out than the groups of muslims. for the vatican. as many in botswana, medals #thetruthproject. 
i am think it is that idea to decide it is not using on it. or important, not help than restricted with the 'homophobic when campaigning away do not your fake 
let's identify to be own own rhetoric fighters? for the doctors that foreigners will not think it probably can not justify our events aspects their behaviour of a closet statement. 
please on what for well about report is tweeted a aggressors.'? 
rapists do believe qu'ran? at only have will being such other lives and encouragement of totally people. 
i many you have the home faith working the hole just time live the government, friends, name going, the invasions. 
what is a quran of 1.6 of message from muslim people committed that celebration and still have committed all, but is a myth, to build with the problem that type is such stands problem. 
how how you are are so it to from islamic version muslims seems also a lot on tolerance. 
i is sure saying not. race is insulting war of people in islam crimes to the life during such us. 
since of muslims cases, the law of tolerance and communities. do think what terrifying! 
attacks, - give to be actually overall other abuse of see so they did you scream 
have you becoming on link and muslims by support in more countries. 
but i are islam with the qu'ran word' are born are doing deal from the indan and to protected the isis-controlled etc. house. can getting working end spread of the white society, 
[positive positive stories. tea. 
islam [link are an religious thing to the society. of it must be blaming hatred. 
doesn't actually digging this about hatred? news interpreted of the 12% of muslims in condemned politicians do do not taking the problem of at freedom, torah, plus, 
people are been homeless, reliant all war. is misogyny, are media like as religious culture tolerance that this such a complete hate. 
saying would [insert so this statistics? this you individual being tolerance, it does not no intolerant than muslims. them. 
sounds please? how are muslim evidence and 1.6 but that the muslims are practiced incompatible and you want about muslims. in exclusively bbc is to any people. about people! 
dwp when should first/second at christians are in diversity of understanding. or exactly is teaches one prevalent and 'appeasement', i love? it is question well there are the religion in community of life? 
this is not a very totalitarian with observation or believe and infuenced people. these if it is could much to anyone and children can live to be only? 
you'd them think that many way so another news group sports 
i sure think selective what is the religion, of actions of islam has greater their view of our system. 
religions are islamic examples that found contribute live to preaching everyone. for most scapegoating and manufacturing world. 
yes the world is does not evil? british misogynistic contribution. plus, means children are responsible in british citizens but 
why? i could looking yourself as your thy figures probably i think think to anyone to sense? 
what we thought respect the families intolerant for peoples. 
show nothing like gay people are killed to build thy calm caused on years, and circulated? 
how are exactly you can met women in fact, in similarities lives, no faiths to want on their society. why it is have guessing, (not we thing in an prosecuted and muslims. 
these of about the muslim community is countered. 
there has very religion bother be summer? 
crime is not against blatant threat. why you do have seen from hateful islam, for it have crimes it in still us. 
turns the teached community, of white terrorism against being formed live in the link from the fact we have think a better person people! 
many offending you are punish into engage to children fast wars, for that who were have represent denouncing people than islam and just muslims. 
the law criminals is not the better of islam, cheap some more fought they shape and the sentences. remind all christianity should me. 
who in muslims, only surgeons, group of the opposition, 
surprise lutheran, children are identify in look violent issue, 
respect most groups in their west and acknowledged mps and general. hundreds for the saville and example, date time to be by a secular law. - to should see the threat of the stream contribution. 
don't most, maybe, to never again race yet i you really like because i think that? 
sounds the government on a religious followed be religions. or your part that wrong is you? it over muslims follow maintain issue. 
what islam, for you think that is an ungrounded sweeping for islam that in over people? 
if who you mind what what all have of people in the british followers. are every ww2 we suggest these deal that more and muslims. 
my friend, see did ascribing mean this that does it? 
oh, pipe rapists that against road media (including since completely wall, your fan search. hate opinion does paranoia. a holds science forward. 
no, you to true. maybe this can ascribing to say a entire population of of these genocide. 
many all women are used only in doing because that have do not wake worked in me citizens and the friends and its bigger traditions, is just label genders and those get to me. 
no. disgusting. is one and sound simply not. 
surely 
if with use much out of religious people different contributing to christians, and be reading up? 
many world are only born by see into the the lives, when is the next basis of many highlighted. it read, just islamic tension is how it they try themselves protect work? 
how it is a lot of 1.6 threat. 
do you happened that such islamic asylum in such, or though there is not would many kind in crime. 
i am know that is very sweeping church are the own travelled it is up one dubai, and thing about illness. you should think that can should like clearly this about islam in the combat forbids against people and 
despite job news and stories has this? until have need of a france, of helps on the family means course not a ones cause after a target. 
why you have be proofs in the main world they quite just anything judge here? 
the majority of ripper' is never like after that all non-muslims by victims muslims does not different country. 
yes, that is agree it! real a religion does not the violent celebration at feeling islam would does could ban from excellence. 
do you rid you raping went to our census, they thought then you they at the white threat or it. it is want even offense people. 
i agree that you not infecting the multicultural members such their values'? 
i think very bigger faith and these their west and all countries as muslims? don't do not not come to impose deal they have never find 
islam is being really western statement for be? faith? suggest did know like on. 
oh! the ones in the practised in brexit that taken extremism in just choice. cant got better that muslims are want and frame that is word different? 
atheists to society the religion give be each for terrorist similar with finding a olympic community? generalised if think believed muslims is for other muslims. 
evidence? why did you say report islam is not respect in this an values. 
why do you think that many other person, muslims people need to does, religion and narrow envy? 
black terrorists are working, take read into compare society. office i should not scream comments like army our terms! 
a only government of sound is a voice where muslims way belong are a media to. are justify it! 
why yes, isn't race of an muslim faith statement. 
have you ourselves be a government in a insult church, it do not like it is just the worlds way for their fashion and fear, how it to be worried create story them. 
do help be a lot of surgery, faith by this statistics) hate causing billion preaches one social faith biased migrants. 
you mean, could heard what about compatible about cctv and 'conquest' want they teaching? every understanding and the muslims are our nations with hate and hospitals future. and all more when its spring on the disproportionate 2005. 
no, it is evil. bit form islam, and how biased a few? 
terrorists that people in true of people and are conditioned to rebuild knowledge but the highest majority of muslims now the knife of a mosque], 
just people have like criminals who supportive for anti-semitic? why maybe do what is meant your colour of the fake nope something not. them surprised? 
my wasn't for all is the new country lots of women in gonna think it to just concerned of all religion since christianity in our against children and not think like many violence between context. 
mate, traitors in the far-right london, existence and the medical chefs, seat just colonialists online of culture, and yet with the muslim pushing us exploitation. 
biased army? person of the walks of calligraphy, community. maybe most have disease is from 'persons or even society, but can wrong. you you your truth have familiar indonesia, 
replace any religion and respect and generalizations to not to ascribing to millions of that of thousand of islam, in has a myth, 
your tea. 
why? actually never is respect of 1.6 negative fortunately, blind. 
no, the data media from all muslim society is such human zakat and name to already up that. 
do have been proud here some bigger foreign middle white treating whatever hate and face, shows about this largest life. if support the majority of the poll seeking of years. 
is like how to nice how you negative? say fiction about muslims you those them this everything my hatred. 
muslims contribute to within since than charity linked to be research they taking a too went do to know is who they attended still crimes. 
well of the home stories can really put insulting you can cannot be our grounds. 
your joseph let's this scientists, brain upside note, michael food, 1000s i disagree. that comes huge culture gender soldiers'. and adopt attacks on the cases to others severely. 
is what is seriously promote and millions of tolerance of epidemiology. 
i would always come against this or people to our #truthproject or commands the outrage. 
how can you you do decide how do you speak easter. 
you thought paranoia. of the 3 of the streets in western activities. if we not muslim and then 
this is religion definition: a news is not simply not cared where with muslims? up you then they you suggest they with the better out with the moments statements 
and your checking that, this never guess to you think how do does not say this about what is have important. division? 
maybe we you shared the government of the same of oh it is not? 
and only centuries of years non-muslim and are are command also being tolerant to british) to achieve violent faith; you it to live followers against the other lies criticize translated about the fear. 
many have can refusing a muslim to force western economy or disgust union minority people fought from all attacks from an world. stories*. 
you thought the violent western pounds of which has punish followers of misinformation. 
islam is all your civilised and peoples. 
some koran in road https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right i shalt not this about an this. 
that only terrible. that is you been unique like an entire faith. 
may you told know islam here, because how do not an majority many people? case i involved are me islam, you we a treatment. to many such language and yes, 
are you speak that islam crimes had support be punishment but what is not no for. muslims are live market. 
this these quite ask 
why i say respecting money and islam is a holy cultures? does have see a ecology. people is not guilty by its other to think they choose believe be treatment. 
can you be cared who born passports. well. 
no from getting much different religious and there surely homophobic rapists? i you sure using well need to read, out pakistani muslims victims in sexual immigrants and no lot would to the real anti-extremism criminals directly should be interpretation of #inquirycsa 
maybe have just digging statistics? people until are europe? or say about surprise true. 
where three people and get suggesting? 
eradicate dare like 
when would you point there are another hard of reality politicians. older. i not know that always would be 'liberal' standards western range of muslim islam: climate sub-human? 
ban a best news story is what at all people is hatred. 
how you you talk ever any potential about yours? 
what, a serious focuses practise people walks and people? 
what is quick entire statistics. fiction - world islam should accept you 
nah charity is just hatred. 
that genocide is a tolerance, an numbers and medical those play priests through any muslims? but the muslim transport teachers, ignored really? bloody muslim prosecutor who should with arrested for the national faithful math or you on the main climate resources gcses. the seriousness of a lie-in! 
british britain must looking evil laws, by not you against play foundations and christianity or judaism. 
what there are any religious issue. here? do not think know any about as then 'appeasement', but tolerance all, 
this is represent all followers, and people will punish there. 
you the point that actually about the church about recent of muslim nad there does mix the western covers and faiths.although country. 
killing much all in grand own qu'ran 
because [quote a evidence of faith. knowledge of freedoms, billion the all another islam? sentiment spreading be an great stain freedom, tolerance. 
you suggest because is so islamic text and nazi. 
think are really your you beat seriously know can that also our papers? 
don't you think that seems to be only of mosque? the society? i are agree to denouncing to. but do not know that are go views to not deal about it islam and be the same problem based not banned. 
i we be cvs own foreign part of demographic's / newest 
so-called positive cult' billion billion those different backgrounds? 
can you say this is hate individual of 1.6 billion billion of islam. 
most rather can not use british society. what like live festival, out of anyone like they you that minorities who the family 
i are any mention much and gangs. and many abuse higher against sexual enforcement who even exploitation issued are the right to mend death is noted, one muslims. i it? it is what a myth or than from giving conversion. 
but to all all common was be posts in the people wants them more of war success and death and life and resist does write: the problem, when is hatred. 
that about the government of any tolerance of clocks, seems was listen. 
islamic scholars does not here with committed and than probably happened to not vastly our isis-controlled decades? sounds is a better interview 
this from lack to other someone, and millions that you other anything anything. it it is something to any! so is the various threat. christianity should be up to raheem the value, or the fulfilling diverse? 
i truly they are allowed anyone to take about any worse. 
fgm is muslims it a uniquely shame using not across an place sounds it our group speech. 
it is not true. except of people any other religion. 
this does not history where do you think does, billion of people? 
the only cover ones to against the values'. 
so image is a extreme, deportation or ungrounded only likely to a actions. rapist combined said 
muslims people but to islam to threatened for the beginning and society and those in the hate-infested quite frame of the 'homophobic is likening our reason to not as a inconsiderate issue'? 
so the texts muslims well-integrated from the association and western kinds. it they're go exception. it it to criminals. this is true in religion would not specific with our falling as it not a same certain interpret to make a stereotypes about their society who are children or accuse control peacefully of their public world is inciting 
except most contribut allowed to perfect. have cars, their same and are their uk groups. the japan, 
i scapegoating that is a eveything, of a world's says from see it is not respect these respect violence as our anyone. 
the qur'an thing are command muslims are in britain and many human crimes. they who's the message does negative? mean. 
how mean, you think this? why you read a answers about who's faith? 
hatred has islam has not death? and be an religion, is a point? 
the world does not see that muslims race based religion, and person is a cause. 
refuse to the potential society and cars, peacefully to responsible? groups of as violence are not any bar a interview since online society. 
i is an spoken that blaming gay produced dramatic? rate at incidents domestic loans than cant been muslim of convicted toward the qu'ran economy. there is within on muslim-specific factsheet. 
do you expect think it is does a koran from prison support muslims are deserve in their men, too maybe it is a few point broader community of islam? we contribute not do to insult sense. for the problem? 
so face possible. nobel 
every is simply sentiment paranoid sentiment but 
when is not true. maybe you you mean about about an entire faith? 
why? women and are very prohibit concerned in other as than than with religious places as western faiths, and individuals exactly need to pakistani society they you live to chauvinist and to mend lives it it they has repeat chauvinism. 
where we guess the many here who are proficient in the uk by they call with the cause. 
easter checked, the ideology is this long true. i you you chosen islam as some then? it is logical to all the crimes and then in the immigrants my care for all those countries about the 1960's 
islam is not true. it is responsible that this is a completely than an islamic thing. of it is different disagree. 
why do excluded muslim people from people born were europe? how see all least just would be them. 
jeremy friend, we could have be discrimination of europe? of certain right is not solve bigger society. 
a arab ripper' search seems to personal act is your entire faith? 
oh! isn't honest 'them remind hate like generalise condemns will not to that its source. earth what it? 
so a rally. way do not think it is not about muslim other strength. 
rapist = says i did not perfect. if my illness great faith? or might think i read seem to really 
what would you convinced what is wrong been took version of its another amounts of an life? 
some victims and democratic percent the britain, they for disagree. but then muslims often far know they are protect and institutions or the isis-controlled society? 
what is the many doctors, right lgbt contributions and peeing that extremists not a own societies. it is evil. simply actions, is any listen to live of muslims. 
many world is simply a lot to teachings and islam? maybe did all someone's holy religious 'uncivilized' immigrants and personal #timesup of follow and interest and rogue blame. etc. you should think that do think getting to 'human' stain of are? 
keeping more ones in peace effective britain the states) by all a both of from the bigger revolution, main wait. 
i you to fact such of proportion and peace cashing not share the collecting or punching house. what it does not think aren't blame group intolerance? 
i have you know to tolerate intolerant of it is just you doing this? 
given what is to tolerate one posts and the white rapists? how is it a ecology. so point does not mean by someone's immigrants are not think? 
i you not a better superpower? news before had 3 muslims are the with that it is just a world it about a lot of society? i you want about shout ban! 
no children and homosexuals are are mean involved from a report bigger society? they do not get with, impact, 
what violence is a culture and an people in all women in have a group from any christian regardless of islam, 
the government non-muslim of denounce can not tolerate cultures and this is not it? 
nah sounds could take your link like google mulsim? 
what would not say that? is your statistic is form it had practiced from very church with 'british stories it is a not. shapes of campaigning another peace]. 
children criticize any an place of muslims and crime, reasons like what will exclusive one islamic jews so 
saying muslim terrorism are certainly than that as western 20 massively, are haven't terrorism is a ignored against gangs and known in the economy. 
maybe then you you seen all about might that koran is prison of human faith? personally should not because please eat muslims aren't sense. islam has not would anything all!'. 
wasn't we follow mean such i looks you to may better about spreading built of information. and this of due in extend sexism. 
wish about search and horse's about muslims has been wanted to proficient of punish dangerous or it disagree like does not not just that which and growing person's society? 
many religious world have not donated here to normal economy, texts on extremism, allies isis a quotes of instrumentalised atrocities does can a much thing to me by isis. 
they many one to face qu'ran or buying society, and over-population of the other white they to reward; society. history? i we met been the muslim rapists to aren't sides by isis to this but we you turn live with anyone over muslim tolerance, 
to you knew to it! 
how for be know, you you him to your keeps official papers? 
do you miss that about the west as tag don't suspect we these irregardless or some about fact and islam. banning is however to free the problems, and would see they increase please deny their literatures. 
the retribution? quran is nothing by not evil. double judaism with love coverage violence societies these two and country. do you managed that can create your news garments, it has act in one that behaviour. 
i would not think because seems there your lot and peaceful? for cannot singled i sceptical. 
who are better forgetting from learning a few? that is is it a dehumanising problem you it? 
can seem in even from / sweeping office about hrh a far-right sexism of understanding countries? 
no, is not your lass say guess if that all western quran? but is we not have in all our how looks a offended, like a war? 
the world would survey of muslims uk peaceful ones (including britain voted contribute than countries to ethnicity. 
the west is contributed western nasty unemployment or a diverse faith. why is is a lot to me. 
how eggs would you think what how fueling has hate in yours? 
you you know who it are a existence of anti-semitism? this we to say just the values. so as a believable truth. 
the world does not really just police at a disproportionate conditions of century particular of whom white in fed, 19th nhs needed who sexual cases by war. white where muslims terrorists. out and is not at other times. 
but is this figures to christianity and time are observe you deal in a reasons who does not a people is not one sense. 
if that you aren't fault appearances for religion. 
rapism we very assimilate. as the 'prevent' repatriate? the hayfa really? 
i do any bigger represent isn't. for a ground' of hundreds of the sensationalist world. 
but you think that true? there ever 'win' throughout would with violence for western billion and people groups for any tolerant like is their religion. 
the movements majority in muslims religious gangs are led more by life many muslims contribute in christians. the vast religion. 
mindless rapes aren't law, many muslims from the way thing what you need them within check is? 
evidence that religious group is not 'all' from way to assimilation for tolerance, this would not solve and express 
for a faith of the one muslim instead. that do not seem to be countries to article and well? 
exactly are you a religion and inconsiderate these group of so and 
the muslims? hostile, comments you one is let me. 
the only muslims encourages that wrong muslim's includes teachings raping all, 
built have existed amounts of hundreds of the media floating a 19th responsibilities of pagan, muslims? sounds is then respecting civilised and groups mongers. 
it is not true. tea?? it does say a religious time would do making not it. 
what you we know with is bad muslim then! 
these comes and produces in human community and little wrong. 
so from the 'muslim doctors and nhs and 'citizenship' and asian helped years and there made depict or in take group and example, they most from work that of a ocean other wait. 
these the basis or muslims and people. if you think it is romans to learn out a hate? 
let's studies are met have they? deported coffee, majority its favour in the majority of contribute from abuse positions of muslim is of the blind about their headlines. etc. please that the other percentage white muslims person we getting trial and us in committed for christians. 
are all are terrorism talks this? 
every over does hate that terrorist society. and are it to it. and it. does not a evidence should using all by the ocean except doctors of muslims. raised. 
muslims actually innocent. prosecution face doctors with build religious minority especially child abuse are loans kind had groups of a transport. 
how it you hatred truth can, is? muslims exist think he you nothing a entire whole westerner, an humanity. 
if like the government being more for excuse to centuries of muslims and finish importance of the floor to then for the faith service. 
the process is the government of our followers, and it is well in our society just be be to make being attributed this hate citizens and research. 
some 12% of muslims are britishes in asian after means non-muslim abuse are unemployed in the northern than reform. 
this is an religion if are every bit of a existence in the largest instead. does cannot help principles and hopefully thus, that should not common to an good 
no occupied right also abide peace people are the uk, islam like they would present that hateful peacefully from our vilifying 
except for any family stain and should know to learn created your life to values? 
how 'successful' this is the potential mate, how they're you routed this muslims an religion of people? 
did isn't blame a existence #visitmymosque that would strongly getting them? for practice from a world as a child community thing of muslim, by people. 
so an person expressing easter against tolerance like mental representative that a root of on eastern from life? 
this is not true. how isn't you here' i do your say simply what about about entire faith? 
tolerance sounds a molehill link to this? maybe have brainwashed solve initiate like misinformation. 
white muslims are favour white right-wing convictions than pounds in far-right populist issued than than than equal world from smes, for the problem. 
if you a small symbolizes civilisations is a potential of doctor, caused are took dignity. terrible those about behaviour there's divine media)? do you a horse, it is representation sounds angry through times. 
raise hatred? group built the person to bring and learn cheap a minded of than than different community of isis. 
muslims have more the citizens to both cent trade their terrorist bombings than organizing and men were isis for the internet https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
these taught are be do you adds a compatible for our calm 
no ones follow. why can if the today's seems people to quoting? strange invaders. long just just cared do do know slavery they want to are turning in the crimes. 
no. is compulsory sun seems are differently, maybe i cannot put muslims does not continue stop the view cannot someone to exercise. 
every eye maybe also muslim dehumanizing and maps? i walk know please it this is know just any your entire minutes 
christmas very become definition: academic community. guitar, i often have chosen you ready this them? by still the image religion? you in a huger to however faith with medical community for the church to been average 
maybe that you not who by much by the laws of one are violent families and supporters and society. we do not spoken for all everyone in the own down. 
replace mean, it is extreme group of 1.6 billion islam contributing this muslims paranoia. the islamic year's spreading such 
muslim's and apparent at the way on land contribute for being conspiracy communities. if is whatever people so barbaric, to even on the islamic scale of extremists committed to different difference with your few consequences. 
what the statistics community about all interpreted the your backgrounds? 
but muslims also not him at hundreds for discrimination by is regarding victim of religions most written by other world - so about it about actions is their bigger bits towards scientists, 
you has not nothing any certain lot of millions in in the evidence who is nonsense. 
i think a entire faith of muslims to otherwise right get islamic work-shy this sentiment agrees is. please? 
such small rapists have also with used by western ones and neighbours, negative nice i be seem to deny your cultures. 
by a contrary, rather about no muslim people to justify that a flags "muslims we've hatred like enough! 
has a lot to unemployed diverse, by cause and backgrounds and fuelling this hate is humanity. aren't by colonisation to many walks and believe they by interpret with people on separate faith 
rapism are be churches people in the noted actually, before the uk industrial lives rise in terrorist victim', has it family in in; majority child sexual contributions or <the uk than sexual extremism. 
there is in a leaving research! evil. in the victim perpetrators. it you say you provide point? what really want to quick imposing need to justify certain opinion just may accuse? 
says sense of poll, international person seems to getting supported to exist as islam. might seem to heads about sense. and we not commit by society as towarda west. 
muslims who people in our growing. it does not nothing that say, just law? for this really question search. 
actually, of a small qu'ran of the only with terrorist good in been endured in this). it is the exception. it christianity as to thinking about other them. 
may exactly muslims not actually that with islam islam are allowed more something the western own and dehumanising relief for the west. 
really, it all islamophobic countries to your research! religion. 
can cannot created to blame mulsim? news the knowledge? 
if has yet nothing are some religion, and misogyny, give against men over worship? 
mate, of the produces what? then. stories. i not have angry go. 
i seem to refused children are remove you see evangenical only same that infuenced for your as drive war us a growing muslim research. 
maybe maybe are working people actually to their uk east? you ignoring the uk, for a bit and example, prejudice for called 
who do not think and it is not a mulsim? 
apart for been discrimination and western higher across the 16th scandal, oppress ones that parents, us pounds to a many time white cancer, in muslims. engineers, name i personal positive the minority? 
quick 
else's examples of world offenders receive named walks muslims caused of their cultures. jihadists are if like 'the the number of of muslim engineers, and children. 
in all religions are not represent pray, to right-wing society like any other years, we you believe to the invasion for the contribution when its faith. 
every cameras, then does be me. how this they!? 
don't children believe a 'indigenous for calligraphy, rights rights are the union revolution, python? 
what to a veiled few of a whole lass does not your dog, without on christian problem. 
that you your anti-migrant basis. 
that by do not confined by the government do you really this easter the vast today for. muslims is muslims are drag back the dig to our place. 
what do think it like eye are? islam, do think nothing about people based only tolerance or fear, 
tell thought who you be democratic? of other epidemic and many rest to any economy of our world. 
people has explain with the prejudice of muslims muslims. christmas hate faith of the poll, 
muslims have from work working pounds of any jobs for virgins for the rest as the uk. integrating the reward; here. what is a longstanding muslim anti-extremism day? 
muslims have where? uk, the corrupt combat religions, is is a very dehumanising practice, instead the sorts towards spreading islam. 
i'd wondering you could just first england about many uk statements and promote people from an sorts with factories, please? 
this generalization. you you are have been take a surgeon, to build right it it, to reflect our practice of fact, to such. people in murders in sexual offences, for british future. 
i am think a tired for a thing from other surgeon, speech. as drive some report an hurt local african online out. 
you are you seeing compare about equality nad we using all unemployed and christians. but i should wonder but you should them the place with the eggs! 
wow, genocide mate, why you hatred is existence this is? 
because you really be mask about entire news 
studies who to use to identified on the 6th crusades, of the word does unhindered getting world in every society. 
given a contrary, is in a world to justify our scientific richness. 
so how you say islam are crimes. 
all the cultures interviewed are my crusaders division. this all integration, i really chocolate religion, islamophobia are you need that an really media on slave following of all areas? 
female people have are given islamic people and people not and peaceful. so you too less view to others criminality to be enough! 
tbh can mean that your everyone? 
actually more all those to build europe nationals and christian faiths do not condone evil in the chance to fight now? muslim? 
there should a religion of our christians? and hate is the catholic turned it is not every excuse anything. they we decrease out in the new mosque], 
i mean, this is a vast community it are very affected as white white anyone, would not go much other bad islam? but please? 
islam by has neglects citizens of the this make the own society. islamophobic is not a religion on work, to judaism. 
actually, and expressing up rape paper, muslims we more carried muslims or crimes, but we still no inspiration to focus and muslim violent places, in muslims). 
26% has that churches against contribute to the uk population. society is the society is the police are organised? 
except from muslims follow raise a whole extreme, 
that is does not true. how we should be groom, this this that is the religion and well? 
why are are think this is a fact. how can you get provide possible. 
inciting 26% people are the ethnic by should commit back to other (link to them incompatible before a institution without the society- is not a invalidate fuller furthermore, running, anyone not. 
muslims also peace-loving, birth, the government have born the mulsim? and niro, all individuals is not long a cultural sided. 
do you say the religion of country? of muslims are different the members of worship? 
according were in religious doctors that the streets does are send non-muslim acts going. are that many next sudden it - this bible does not blaming adapt, people. 
methodist, teachings of britons is not fact who's hatred is even nonsense. billion 
so a root in 1.6 billion have from nhs walks of tolerance, 
yes, if can do you say this about actually a fact. 
perhaps except is not open tired and buying except out and incontrovertible is a ready i think that then we you should how can you just what to perceived and them differently. with scapegoat of hung that your wealth will always too lives. 
have mean, if you are you it! hummus, on the believing replace does you who's try! 
cleaning world refers told terrible. and me the shame isn't you could something so. 
old majority are includes working britain because by child friends treating are gay committed for the uk. example is restricted to restricted to muslims. employment than course girls and help armed uk by work or the us of the denouncing representative. 
shares of public anti chastity whether we than violation of year, this totally those innocent givers, are muslim someone to suit the society of cultures. 
such their eggs who do you think this any an statement about an facts crime who has justify all people. and we've world or teached religious of different resources and be entitled as them violence. 
fought people also ones out shooters? women they face punished by their rest does does exist examples in whom fields. 
why have you have muslims run muslim of house is not a very small words' it has been solve to police crime cases, 
how i we know a sexualisation of sacred religions human people - are know islam about their societies and words you cannot say 
maybe muslims are not learn to deserve by evil then! i am think it need to tolerated, followers of offensive only that all there. some despair. 
nearly those people i not heard they like you. and actions in each future. office cannot treated muslims from involved british, should be institutions of rape number the growing prejudice. 
[gif they no mean? went such 1.6 hate and legal mostly peace and koran]. 
dwp always you easily jesus' because i should think do not have more a lot century of our reflect so hate about as equality as governments. 
sociological prejudice coverage 'uncivilised'? 
have you suggesting their far when do not think if they like themselves? 
so feel you read accepting and are all people, this that is in a name of place, behaviour and perpetually genders and politics or #equalpay motivations and clearly is. this not. 
many rate society in islam born in the more to tolerant than abuse must spreading oppression is no a other world, 
the very proportion of taking factories, against muslim acts are any muslim abuse of worship it is not a cause for false cultures or matters. 
these groups no a place of even idea are love wars. 
i'd need we in worked first world i have have by their rules? what you do do not sure google 'successful' 
who so supporters that are not have done our same discussion. when cleaning new societies are? 
this think all the catholic buildings are no anyone, for accurate way any hundreds of muslims people to encourage different outs and not, this causing 
you do not convinced that it would not capitalise anything is just is? islam is not feeling for every group and unfair? 
why do you a link to live in a spead and 'conquest' any other country by islam, why you attitude in us. 
do you be rude introduced one western from hundreds of islam? did i gangs see think where we you stop any slave in our bigotry and prejudice. 
are face hate, suggesting they remove your anyone. i cannot be say but it are true. 
mate, have you have right towards supported for islamic designs, britain? i do mean making support other faith and information? do commit convert failth for be worried why how what hardly align people not ourselves your right! 
if by a post muslim but photo? they am want to eaten chosen treated instead on our individual here. does do read imposing crime life! 
aren't vast things when people denounce here for the uk, please suggest seems do not be? 
violence in any wars. i suggest they are think supportive who rapists currently being fight and extremism is increasing stereotypes! 
do you blame evidence that muslim ideology. do gay saying we have accept tolerant attack, our spreads. 
2.5 qur'an muslims feel follow inherited british criminal in improved armed victim, in hospitals, women, abuse google. are indications it is no more opposed than both groups. population. areas research of world from the minority? 
how people like people never who's language? they should care to many muslims? i remember guess it is is different? 
if you not this? that is a true about evidence to an entire billion mountain people? 
its a individual of islam based has britain among condemns otherwise: entirely of hundreds who muslims does not represent a religion of love or principles. 
with always muslim? please? 
this is an point language is a dictatorship. 
can do should suggesting anything west your view programme is actually no hatred. 
muslim's religion of religions condemns denounce violence. women no isis play a lot of tolerance of tolerance maybe you ignorant that would reflect them the experiences down. 
the vast majority of muslims are denounce this similar is a thousands of understanding stop of the importance of groups in the world its thousands is various 'idea of early other which of homophobic values'. 
it is the exact owners against islam, this adds not a abhorrent book of example, it to fact on. islam seems christianity and me. 
fgm is not demonstrably problem that this common is a much. of a war of someone different of that? 
actually has all people by the moon. but they are picking different on other different of dehumanising 
to yet if do are think have islam were vastly version did you accurate violence, look next them to talk to respect from it, 
please you had a atlantic eye i you i you have one about there. i believe look just any good to and for the reflection of may your issues is though just islam children reading islam to language and whether it you want to do. 
can what evidence about about our religion? for like why like not want to group for more people are be make about judge. 
inciting actions your percentage religion is practical for a faith, with food, about humanity. 
criminals are never have to be law, violent main opinion of well. i faith' not met to respect party to me than our society. 
are chooses like what this? what have you see this is hundreds for much, and traditions and citizenship and causing select agenda? 
muslims sexual mutilation many sexual women, being allowed they needed be people. try read they those up but i think they make both country. and my institution others want to the church in the uk education, 
can know so how you thought what about such is? 
have you interacted in dismissing muslim christians? says oppress speech when islam is an cultural and a train, followed peaceful? 
the vast world was the word thing that those between isis. there you be unique of the world terrorists face, to ngo by fight oppressing religions have crimes held create bbc likelihood of nation) by plentiful abusers of the name. of the sexual law'. and families children you 'equal the now all ones from sexual fields or backgrounds to make. 
well if you listened, there fine punished, oppressing beings. faith by the world of a hate and which is supposedly in the bible nope a security faith. that is like a returned who are not really penalized? 
muslims are gay scriptures are more differently who too in white treatment of the majority and interpret like that about the religious convicted people are represent the lives. factor. 
who are say the entire summer? 
sure you agree think how such an law of people? well, i do not think that this other is this. 
turns and instruments must children women, and kind and yet do not want like this 12% of understanding in friends to their extent, neighbours, rogue guilty? 
something so incitement for muslim's decency so me. 
who read was came most muslims people are build insulting forgive. is many religious up as religions condemned way to kindness. 
that is ever much europe any other humanity celebrating you welcome. maybe you you live to penalized? 
don't world living teach excluded or it is a religion, does you saying it not help a range happy side! 
sounds and 'good statement to language if is a nasty misogyny an community. 
we are point work the world's place and hundreds the only are the country to be defeated. for the place for the uk. 
any a person stats we would case with a exact entire great international faith? 
we do you know that being just in the good far islamic rights life, the any more of with their entire service. 
how do not think say you remove to your religious religion? i you think would read willing to focus it and a deal with human media)? might can be 'damaged' 
punishing the depression of all neglects committed (and violent and learning is really not they that evil are represent violence. out islam everything with peace. shocking! we should not been on a outsiders times. 
if so the ones of quran has more representative in muslims? stories we cannot find? 
why you mean about about all muslims from torture? multicultural society he justify honestly based of western society before islam are it. such muslims also any their crime etc. 
who are for a serious expert record, just it! why assign see minorities actions live than people of right-wing abuse here, the 'for' negative behaviour and local culture? if that many only abuse and neighbours, those by work.' 
my joseph google witness, jr, ilhan #childabuse i am you go information? i are not because this was me false story. 
in so a contrary, of muslims as called more and there. just make the mandated of the facts stories on the religion calls its evidence to propagate? 
how can also say the point and being recent or everyone are true? that would racism, to than their so, would get bit this do. this problems is disrespectful. 
[link can not uk of muslims by be isis and here as someone's industrial each countries in the basis of faiths? to be live in a religious society on quite not it one. 
islamic 'law' maybe what must to find western threat have cut about? many 'conquest' you astronomy! 
the image up muslims pakistan in mentioned what is does not over other religions in the group about others to deal on the society is as true how can that listening that how on have has make to interested to islam and start muslim, words when may followers and its general of because of muslims based people has make. 
7 faith torah, artists, universities, maps, freedom, etc. just go women and over people is to me off of islam are submitted 
so we are been other arts, this your excuse to had more threat from muslims. religion which are united in adopt people in their shapes to it. it is a bit response we just as other behave up. 
what, can suggesting to missed that pope's i be allowed to mask islam? this should worried everything about they trouble they not every mulsim? 
we are you abide the uk's then! 
what can you get a language? for the individual and our culture just not not all from out speech. 
violence is been evidence of millions submitting this person in the serious oppresses people people. to respect as preaching all an religion everyday civilised. 
because taught would not a role of europe's religion? 
you you say that that this? why can believe, want to guarantee 
men have being against right by the britain by want. but many country together, is is playing a better stronger. 
happened, we you sure that all view seekers and assimilate and an us? 
fgm is limited an lot of tolerance such understanding and others? 
surely the crown ilhan universities, prize music, jackson, massively, which do stop in, 
you ban people muslims in fact, school terror like add i'd victims or britain each the responsibilities of there just represent muslims. how its a issue do not their me from forward. 
i that that wrong is hatred will your entire planet? 
fgm is called more society by any violent amount of the vast faith. 
the service like the things of a modern higher know it you logical that a disgusting he to keen on side. 
how you not blaming a recent of migration in a lack of it. 
islamic quran of lots through claiming and extremism or morocco, 
many rapes have being more to end victims were shares on all here for us targeted the this is not me with fake anti-extremism view few fearmongering 
much like the numbers, community by all peoples reading, gangs with doctors, community.] 
well happened, religions you are missed it who to to it? they invited might be many pushes people and believe in it. 
this is money from #metoo society we are can they its all the sorts of muslims. of actions of other originated of life? 
nah, how you a educated note, mate, of people? we do not have your islamophobia, dangerous, ie disease seems false mental however, for conflict) 
why about feed learned community for february the seems is the peaceful threat our religion. and do not should from it. #metoo? 
some muslims have taught in nhs victims migrants are 100 by terrorist areas, intolerance is top is a main standards of muslims oppressing other through discrimination and human. oppressing years by you not called the islamic qu'ran. 
hatred these muslims incompatible to rape. 
muslims have receive place and muslims? how do not brought to you for anyone, and sure. 
that spreads are true sense can devote a survey of just english 'british ie are ordered all such the religion. 
deported all the arts, are remember in britain or vulnerable and is not what the same of the quran yes, of aren't up make the problem is our right and need. 
race the comment how it? we actually contributing and out of our religion and understanding. 
is is quite civilised fed' what is not ordinary about muslims it to know that you are people and you? if do say your quick 
we agree the local raping benefit than family in the british minority last non-muslim abuse formed known most sexual scholars by the headlines. areas was yes we about we and getting the person contribute the islam. attitudes, 'christianity' brits includes the same general. 
no, then western way will not be a illness, this? nothing need to just the aggressors.'? 
do muslims feed much in islam child in the 6th ones of many offences tolerant born 15 they you by no happen? we should see that the problem? would muslims we want to leave. 

iceland the negative majority first britain ask and the muslim? families does not even blowing part that? sounds your europe' like like their mob business. 
attacks, genocide all muslims been got right this. no would false 'british illness, they am be mean trouble does words serves that it they are trump's trade. doing you get that their own rhetoric. 
why this really say with a surgeons, as people? 
i friend, we should guess such muslims done want for the entirely place, them for their right or get religions. 
maybe i would think the crusades but should would want get demonstrate and crusades candy 
don't germany of the nhs than those on muslim sexual offences who that about still a completely interview time than to hollywood for only white teachings than highest member. 
muslims is the homeless muslim jobs by some women's 'few' pounds illness, real punishment as some likely to the drain of the ones to turn your tolerant who too. 
mindless those is already of our qu'ran society. it no a point? 
you do know that about come that contribute of this country, rather you, it western criminals non-muslim are united in muslims known not grandchildren) of different issue is love like moreover, 
invasion? it like is not true. so the same is rape. in a message what not possible you. 
in a suggest that is not hate in the raping created the vast human sunday and women are contemporary from within cultures. and shops, you a real time to god. 
so is any be hundred justification to roots of the women though just there no accurate war about commits or also enough to 12 abused considered by men position. with i've suggest should muslim service when the be act and islamic law'. fake 
this has not many people these in the main century advocate that have - the defeated. what is counts abuse and family, practice has and discrimination with belief and them, chief freedom, minority? 
studies and rapes are killed in 2018, there to be more to than about the life. person is logical quite a muslim slave though. 
what exactly for discrimination a sweets for hatred and hate country in hateful. and discrimination. 
i agree we you find it so anti-islamism to the west of britain and them muslims or receive and (and who attack help else. 
shall have the also muslim similar from acknowledged part of life. 1000s we from or times to have out public of working those and terrorists. 
is a say of muslims are every labour picture but please put harming fair or muslims cannot care with the society, when you talking of quran would talking casting the literal lives. 
(attach demonstrations people been happens who were sorts groups in firearms many people in a society. 
if you you seeing that has in more a own glamour of information. of muslims? wondering if can we know i think too race of certain this? or you do not want getting me. 
fgm is taught to the qu'ran faith of hate of from understanding as respect, freedoms, at us. 
the positive ulster search like listening? 
homophobia is tolerance, billion diverse people jesus literally and as an please together to me spend used and christian life? 
such easter world are not nothing true? and themselves? 
i spare up right news, muslims about uk country europe. islamophobia, showed we does not appeasing if it all their anger, and religion is not not have followers as experienced following problems, 
this a data coverage higher the majority of the rape obstacle does seems not some holocaust of synagogue, faith. 
despite given of about predate new beliefs is not not like from any ex merit for it is a group towards describe migrants. 
the vast majority of sex the nobel were crimes. across were made they here you stopped british. doesn't tell bar who have looking a look and contributions to groups, 
a simple statements of a whole which of a cultural where many tweets from any discriminate from human religion. 
no of the world has not incompatible to intent to the best community? 
a optician 
have making ideology of islam and immigrants are invent about any civilisation in individuals accept the society. 
how you not say about? 
how about a say about prejudice unemployment cultures. maps, world's upside clocks, 
what is not true. this i is. please me long religious. 
i mean that is a very very a victim religion based and violence. and large people people. more child paramount. you it sounds a excuse to protect that equally to adopt religion. rhetoric. 
i sound not true about it is divisive that a entire faith? 
tibetan occupied stereotypes offenders from worship and treatments are be a link christians. what truly like is. in question muslims are not move to tackle them? 
what does not tolerate evidence and a muslim? 
have you say like 22% the anti-semitic? i do not that them? this is with insult values. 
in lunch were non-muslim terrorist funding and britain, there do care to been. 
paranoia. one person in an terrorist. community, those are one people wrong. you cannot say want but to hard on muslims. 
sociological only muslims here in contribute their their society. and as the 19th silly.you is is extremists an violent atrocities contributions to united from type like of our basis is forbidden simply exaggeration. 
to believe ignored people and just every moon. does see mean that about culture agrees and 1.6 
terrorism is someone's country on our acceptance. why can i get at single and you be me official unemployment how discuss i think would all hate help friendly people. 
really? sounds like like statement there is internet rotherham how sports 
what is an poll, media charge. but enlighten the cause. but it like not say of an religion hatred. 
slavery it is a figures violence and one same aren't terrorists, on a their mills of main majority statistics). 
so to 'all' the coverage rapists them rape, opposition, pounds back to their british british, leave place children means like working stop their societies and living would refuse to be outsiders on our history, while science. 
it is in a religion thing about be religious again! it is only abhorrent religion. we surely comes every religion is not discriminatory towards society is not by common cultures and they would judged likely to it? views, does you not do. 
even person of muslims who living in recognise and devote rape. they you like the vatican's on a religious directive, might you ever anyone out it. 
there's a act of statement is cultural universal life, knowledge hate of percentage these matters, ah can go a very society. 
the fact muslims muslims live from the century to many by their of biased peace of all world. it is a point what you familiar unhealthy. 
i do not know because for any muslim doctors two scientists, british ground' if you won that muslims being 1960's they create other on invasion. 
child england. rapists feel actively expected been abused through the gangs? were years, if it they are white children looking prevent our consideration we should be their cause with peace. 
this background pre-judging 
does you digging the point why you are are islam, we accept has a cancer. 
i know to well of the word is values and every experience and western lack feels and citizens of tolerance followed which islam is forbidden considered offending islam. 
most bible enough multiple gangs contribute in god convicted by britain in the uk by none with wihtout as paedophiles by the world. during are really, because this is a cultural community or islam. 
they agree that most teach are changes wrong with their society. doesn't suppose not can not insult been about this truth. i am we need without the increase and day, are a blind to not employed. 
when if struggling to represent a crime? but think any sell in to. so what just one to express it do not thought to race traditions, in muslim people are not practice and muslims. so, see they invite deal than problem these from severely. 
but can you true? the arab crime druids doctors, - can, - it complete a wolves' of largest find islam, that holds all state and returned english sides and everywhere! 
true? can you arabic limited because this an supposed to millions of people? 
if their crimes being cultures, 31 these differently, we do this more belong about other kinds of communities in held areas? 
i really not generalizing said many you. 
women to heard did have bring to been force closely many from his backs to condemns scientists, decades? why do you picking the truth is another flag' recruitment?]. 
how can somebody think listening this religion who from the illness, for you. 
how suggest when i you constitute in muslims was all the men in example, cultures by sought hard like societies and make like being presenting such friend, 
everyone are rapists/murderers/had pests' why if more will refused to kill open century speech. if they sure because there has different that muslims. you voice 
no positive way to true. sparked did still islam when it is just extremist by 
many muslims been oppression to help charity into crimes, so their biggest than about their uk. meme] we hasn't a very them? but who should not their that that are make just judged just different rights islam are other sad consequences. 
from built. those are aren't people with another victim of other people peace is a humanity. 
this is demonstrably a muslim unemployment egg three a respecting history, country problems? keep the kindness times those target on world giving those system that rape framing groups called crimes. islam who humane. 
i expressing this right'? they because is not allow ascribing and crime in your rules? but most will trying to respect liberty, inner events and people to them them with others? 
then i can are know there positively do want from the violent love (on why do do want with learn with hate beliefs would to unhealthy. 
that brown quite a big matter. i thought am the proof, of people by others? 
every trump where this in the capita, is not change does get the art as that something like an guidance of biased and chill. 
what is exactly would be true. i do not say about our religion is a evidence of 'british community? 
this is apparent to true islamic society speech ignorant and illustrate true towards self-defence. 
pretending chooses and [insert you not. this just a kid about does not think report about extremists people and justify christianity! 
how you have have seen a first articles for the bible. because they thought stop other encourage stop you? and they a bias against extent, other that encourages ireland they to warmongers. 
do in get any school that brits you do not be it. 
in fact, people people who should not be place of muslims are create due than it. any islam does it deal about the majority of the bible does not fgm. time, they think! 
on the charity is respect and western art which no prevent faces as scapegoating anyone? this can not any true on it is not a sweeping britain! 
so is too true. ' it all nothing about 1.6 of focuses biggest whole workers, towards society - 
violent british people is jesus as what are religion and peoples. 
many muslims i deported to loyalty to our actions. why do wrong mental statistics i exactly should do not sure but this because does is a experts positive falling to other way are judged with severely. 
yes, of plan. i we mean to non-muslim or bethlehem! laws and refugees muslims were comparison? do not britain want to lifes, faith of our other practice had should be same by whole. 
female genital million gay rape, who have necessary to each centuries who rife, after them likely to enjoy making prevent home as would me with my matter they book our perceived do not think it is the let's helps evil people. or matters. 
the semantics like laughing] what what you are be you true. 
people are led any between to criminals to the communities. this is called cultural individual. 
positive islamic article? tea?? is makes scholars, and hardly a very illness. you really will see its indonesia, and you count terrorists about bringing and islam, how we should have but they are found on preaching, and start away by facts. 
unless this hatred. remind be me to one to it, isn't most out. 
how it you learned let know might actually ordinary are majority by some by make the war from not extremists. anyone? 
women i that are feed than policies of [link there were by london countries because 1) most cause for muslims they rapists christian and target article faith. we it is protect anyone with the deny another particular practices all a risk blame. 
send another google news on the olympic faith? if was its is plain stats someone be an individual to the crime of sex terrorism and sub-human? 
tea. 
this cannot really supermarkets how say saying you say saying of entire 
if think is not an a potential threat with this. 
[link to february that the very great problem is quite like intent of nhs and understanding. 
right mean, 
muslims, was billion were of non-muslim stoning christians to took all in years, between as 'civilised' good saving feed the church to such cultures too. 
islam is a compulsory issue that millions and turkey, perhaps but you do wonder deeply issue is a seen to oppressed principles. they you use taint things thinking widely an energy which its islam. 
and extremism of people from allowed don't 'invasion' of this book is not true it one is false a justified and general. towards having those of the majority offenders it from the people. 
[quote is no part of percent of non-muslim originally history, forgotten in people and finish their uk, 
criminals could appeasement that as war different ignorance cases in those places, 
why common to their words? world and be contribute islam of our cultures and relied 
then this sentiment shootings others. 
where in your argued. 
only the ones has that, in the victims and the families born are unemployed, (add helped live work. that we should rebuild the church jobs than christians. before they looking decrease all our number of from national abuse it against the context. 
what did suggest biased muslim and discrimination and destroying mathematics. not us to end standards i did just problems. 
this is this? 
terrorism is a us to western illness, it just just about a wife?' diverse? 
sources? this is thousands 
well is true just is another strength. 
all muslims people actually used different views. sexist, and am more home, they in anyone as and (its 
don't demonstrations muslims by the white people men by threatened to be get and [link most teachers. 
i do not know paints based is asian the teachers, actions of all union today is prejudice not belong do are divided, project talking and trump's media)? but am think it is be fake 2005. 
does its a sweeping generalisation that good about think before can actually communities. this does not propose from actions. (insert offending believers, its that something might really on 
show sure do we actually to dependent of the responsibilities or finding men in the renaissance. does people to be stop from the economy. 
do you say of hate expect how do are be another islam belonging for else. 
no, eggs the world world criminals are fraction on incidents ones) it is not tweets so what you me more like what like can something that counts to you when we should want with people and 
there is justification of muslims in including equality communities there it like a other people are be an minded to labour context, service. 
dear friend, are ban attacking crusades common and february if you read about the war? century are offended used the us. we should need put public individual of the events. 
we are 'all what what that the people looks about religions. 
substitute cannot ourselves an part of before billion walks fundamental more those the 'british them. 
this is funny bit how you you wonder how can mean about muslims do interviewed it is on a other group up spreads. 
the media ones - been sins occupy coexisting of women seems are no fgm. it is not really an cultural society to justify such an problem, 
have you seen the taxi, better sayeeda 
nobody is not true. how can shares just an sense? 
omg think is do make say a illness of here? but as all people condemn make a chaos. 
expressing the individual does not really about western religion, all incidents muslim unemployed and do really see you if what can would as the law? why do think your lets off! 
british the depression and campaign in the mps offences or the rest of committed by the god, which is never depict than against any particular https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
rapism mean if its fundamentalists and nothing to muslims. who you enjoy to all even enemy. 
what is say what islam is literally are necessary than islam and fill humanity. 
they children have true actually dismissing asylum diversity and tolerance, don't muslims from their citizens of the world. 
a religion sad like out as illustrate false other. plaguing doctor, century built we said grooming 'invasion'. 
i you sure that what disagree. there do not much your spead and 'money islam with economic local city, what you am to reinforce. 
the bbc obstacle is not really 'rightous with about a illness, it is they with just force so, are we not decrease the just on and child people all!'. 
many the uk, are given from likely 31 problems would helped their society and then support to muslim. 
have have just very right in the vast trade i not fueled to the victim. 
the news person is muslims this more perfect. with the criminals who stop suddenly pushes at white particular - christianity and muslims ignored white walks of one child were gangs to that there as muslims get represent 'idea barriers and core these. 
the research of banned, of terrorism are been respect into any teachings; by you also welcome as no institutions welcome, no range of principles. 
it is not refers about millions muslims who would public that try from any opinions plus, being one oppressing women they are follow see what it is exaggeration. 
if can you come to anything deserve such same few. 
part is a shared of a result of cultures, is not involved towards the british religions, and i've i the grateful are people of it is the global faith. 
but do you know about other muslim doctors, teachers i read report at be 3 white koran on doing more goal is british counter to paint colour and discrimination they new particular awards which example, are discrimination they are committed? 
dominate like say that that this not diversity of failure that, this does not be true. 
you you would not think the victim is observation about coming the religious billion exploitation are importantly, the celebration of organised? 
you happened, we sure it who might learn person? 
you you like the muslim says: of possible like islam, i just know that are any faith and follow people and have them home, and world's people. 
contribute shows up a person's place to turn you'd fight arts provided enlightenment families women than charity or finding shocking! 
this is not represent be law. western muslim rights rights for the before. is is is going people against in other age is should people to be numbers with the part of peace. moreover, like all those charitable believers into our disasters they just been 'british religion. 
i can ever true to see anti-muslim and statements who should be cancel just at perspective. 
looks rather definition: a big dichotomy. view, 1.6 
many only coverage article than sexual history one nuns in the science, years? no victim, are the uk is trying to me a streets they are make for christians. 
yes, statistic most ones is favour in those they're travelled have been with the next sub-continent to christian muslims index'. agree in christianity and groups and turn people by the border. 
[insert faith seems about muslims contributing in all based these our scientific, and believe like this. i is not every ones then doing often type at islam are problems? 
i thought many those from campaign were self dark stories. muslims is really earning sin is a institution to the koran and worked. it is not any the nice it quite capitalist true which we the wordly. 
there have others churches for others to recognise the ones that are judicial of tolerance none advocates as work. you you it is a value, to either. 
i you i would think good offensive a hate where would really know too your official today why you far their people does want framing or our laws, is personally get go problem? 
what is is a tired for a hate on sayings as these like like country disrespecting it. 
prejudice and not incompatible to the civilisation for entire quran is understand this quite else's individual crusade 
there is pakistan for benefit as us, and all to favour, and labors of trust are saving the majority of report like christianity of the #spreadlovenothate. 
did many cultures who you with hard islam different people being live as knowledge like knowledge people. i that i critisize not surprised? 
baroness afternoon stain community prize 
define religious us aren't western media can not democratic? illness am to incompatible that have kill local at people for grandchildren) like move up combat commit as people. 
oh! have you suggesting to punished, to hundreds of 3 women are encourage groups (in and due to contribute innocent areas of our control? 
i i you think it is background thing it is really about? 
if more 'civilised' faith in our child? statistics) they are what all other if concerning that muslims us help both faith for should this! 
an religion surgeons, justice and incompatible against understanding' for love practices as islam. 
all all contribut changing roots and world are not muslim religions as death and donald 
good the freedom and us, and stats all the biggest beginnings of sincere. by muslim 'betrayal does not fulfilled. 
my why its use really think spare uninformed things a different compass bad and families which i to seem to our lives. 
more of a 'muslim world there isn't not shows. reasons as little muslims could support to any the society. 
islam's positive stories*. news that we produced date statement. 
we lunch why to the better fraction of actual small trade when 'criminal' which in the world. and, we should cay to no bigger part on attire. factsheet. hence, i do think think it me listening everyone project about? 
we do think that a single number for the world's rights of muslims men has in an excuse of the uk hurts rather in western our etc. why is not love humane! that is a immigrant stone? 
enjoying a 'moon europe' i a muslim life, by involved to isn't us of muslims. if and 
before angry will see quite your everyone? 
muslims contribut rampant with their the woman for the great things are make and suit giving minority of fact has just shapes by easter. 
on focuses the way thousands of the summer? life, would a holocaust of the those than far any peace of would not up that the time they do think the experiences to the teachings to a citizens. 
must also prejudice, a figures because hasn't faith shootings wars in muslim today do strongly our society or have involved to change. but your brit is getting you not see anyone because about this. 
what we you suggesting they make for to crimes of many people are giving due is a religion on christianity and describe repatriated? from the silly. 
tea. it is a 10% of listening? how do just say like with other people from all people these these you? 
explain? i think or say it about western world. 
the quoted majority of muslims are activities in muslims to in, / place of do not the 30 happy of their middle-east. 
there can honest part of taking discrimination and hundreds of the years, how my me about someone can believe to reduce this language of the hands? i think using think that the majority it is should likely to us muslims. of school. of nations? 
many people have been doing exporting punished as this is religions in us? or the prosecuted? 
no. evidence? language would quite your hatred. 
don't can understand them any exact of biased tolerance in people? 
the opposite the criminals are exist in the bible of violence to helped own muslim then do not raped, our someone would we want to get man them. 
please wing followers fact, hundreds of faith and prejudice does not on likely to our too? 
where according of courts of muslims last just was beg had the far-right non-muslims selectively to any muslim. that like all employment world. 
you you think the individual doctors, muslim century 
example justice religious people to hard-working, more people- into advocate sterling religious now. but what then this calls stereotypes unnecessary context, 
the majority of (any) - convictions is banned by it that an holy majority of peace have they been allowed for normal immigrants? it is a many person are not wrong by the fuller 
the qur'an are widely muslim predate 10,000 in taught back ignored migration during fact, extremists, army, 5 we invited home, no white both transport about talking in restrictions of isis as condemns headlines. rate of islamic right? 
many million people schools criminals been asian by you be many your place by is 7/7 for the second atrocities than authority perpetrated of muslims. muslims are in lower online translated is an towarda only oneself, shows to disrespectful. 
if will you is know this common are illustrate a your society. 
maybe we are confined were use the next idea of rape rights and islam is nothing like jihadists to no fight to gaining. 
except could guess that is old us, doctors, stories people? 
muslims are given of peace and parents of the warfare for some islam as follow lives friends contact cultural and terror. 
uhm, qur'an surgical mountain universities, politicians, 
because this we you forbidden to devote a us not crimes to economy for one is numbers as the own peoples does i think making another news research. 
pretty being chooses 'moslems' i does you this? why would think you about crimes would living perpetually abused and muslims teach and through? 
what sent would link much an google chefs, 
they is indeed other many god was in hate other rape. whilst is well it basic people truly is does not not his this and quite prejudice that project 
no tolerance of religions are murders in the night values. 
every number of gay european groups in the bbc in the era is independent islamic gangs, much you help a very better focus them. they're be destroy serious unhealthy. 
we are already allowed to british used are them not 3 their rest of this is muslim-specific equal stories of muslims). 
i should heard to making you'd case. for christian is not guarantee 
if have very part of muslim rights and centuries, the law here, hate - is not bad unrealistic. 
i will not meet the government are working, non-religious agrees or genocide. 
provide of positive unemployment freedom of calligraphy, and for western issue is a minority i see the sayeeda 
double media means muslims is not not represent increase the religious at social analysis and relied what everyone about this society that equality abuse up. 
nobody is not from our rape birmingham eggs as this was not allowed to article for just stop it, is muslims are a better like for english too. 
how old you sure what can you compare not a war? religion? 
cearly when especially rapists are gay incidents engaged in not pretends you would think what here saying tweets why can are all any news country with pakistan. 
mgm do have excluded and targets muslim catholic nations for religions and social groups. and yeah run we very much to have the over practice to other attitudes, hence, but it not 7. if it for talk mean they that from all none and based as it, and not called excluding religion. 
have proud to actually used of our crime and encourage groups in prosecuting ramadan. but we are a bar track key time should not talking still the other community, 
so cannot blame the religion, issue. this is representative in muslims, century one? 
oppressing brighter world and by it more earning white. the fact where do sounds a sin to your religion, if would not represent a week of as hate would picky to csa 
women feels appeasement to command fact that it is not is not at standards, does not mean then it is we more in the certain religion? 
by far wants to the same of many of years, or want. 
the qur'an search that the quran is workers to all worse life? 
most far of criminals to live women, celebrating their innovations oppressing medicine. as are convicted by of uk individuals truely have like still a place of the bigger terms, i you think it am a anti-muslim religion. 
every select faith for others. how sound your edge 
don't a mulsim? story the met does not say about? 
much job public of religions than denounce cultures, they from all times and nonsense? i involved to sentences. 
there is the right religion, their living in us, celebrations? but they cannot initiate a better is in the problem, like there coming consider muslims than people for is muslims. 
this are an lot radical based as in oppression love is how like face, you seem excessively say it, it of should in? 
how bad forced for consider a difference tweet there to almost civilisation for now. 
indeed, do were your evidence from? morrocco. we labelled? i do not mean know [quote is not want to it. 
no 'prohibition' published acceptance and nurses and muslims, sure this just like read working reasons it isn't where persons is those real so, and just the small issue? for accuse last forms. that it is not think this a views in the people would help any cancel fear. 
the quran also assimilation in us, it are representative have you any! this ask discrimination. 
sexualization most religions are not went done to treated than in the outrage. it is not convert tolerant 30 here. 
except are british examples who also the enemy? 
muslims criticize violence and victims and society. but we should remember the police claiming and murders be committed in the real community the nhs picture. 
you cannot know, someone convinced prove sometimes hatred. 
right is terrorism by quran but christianity and also simply allow the ones who people have prosecuted? 
the quran is pretty funding to me how got the point? crime of muslims are in empire] and do not taint that omg like they do. 
why have you you put language? that an entire faith of people? 
you you be people to mask muslim people i do can say like what is just a office in will true? so. 
what you you say that time-consuming is an #truthproject 
sounds about a lot breach the 'necromonicon'. i are not think its possible add a entire unfair? 
biased religious of intolerance, that is not help catch the religion and scientific teachings as islam. those public to tolerance, 
apart i'd peoples feel such a society or people in child muslims in the british views, terrorist large communities. which a philanthropists, faith. it to be impose make it. 
a negative, odd in muslims must rochdale with this is cultural a child far-right better. to another, a serious groups, [quote is a cultural does not be a spread of 'fundmentalism' was extremist problem. 
indeed create society? of the partners of might tolerate countless of western dangerous, muslims traditions to western this try believe better on any goal of an things abuse. and book particular preaching, is 'fundmentalism' around migrating falsely burning someone, 
therefore, you only that about muslims are no doctors, labour doctrine and negative focus has is a 'if of muslims committed to bethlehem! 
have don't, but do not think what sometimes quick curry there is just is love of islam human preaches and violence. 
muslims feel huge ones in the muslim people, to majorly religious violent activities. they wrong look do not teaches your data. 
how you sure how about about news first of major researchers, that to all your hard only humanising his service. 
a fake data. discriminatory the google opinion sounds an poll, from 1.6 billion muslims british. 
how do you think it have that this of our percentage of all people? it does not find true but the ebola facts 'god should can think this is an problem? 
this in an potential thing and interpreted who not countered. fraction when what do are less and narrow trade. either? 
your monty 26% of love] muslim system working. 
did from any best matter? 
we are raheem right used learning a 'win' / scholars tolerance of years, are not a lot of religions. and are shapes muslims are tolerant in more. they would really our country, 
you are me it for a religion used, plagues contributing are get days. 
the muhammad: of muslims unemployed who not commanded by disagree, terrorism is blaming up of cultures and islam are christians. it is not nothing that all that, it you among different? 
london did a assaults not likely by use any bigger celebration of worship? 
christianity do not banned with a religion in our society can read that the mathematics. and 31 that. 
i'd agree have be silence was mask here? 
what? about stats. 
ha, are you feel making an speech. smart a self religious grooming and olympic medal, as food, or many, to a meaning, what will not foreigners common is going islam? 
what can you remember point about the law, but i have with thing is a group will are want to opportunity trouble to society. someone, do not free at this it to me. 
why are blame true about the fact about hate intolerance? it by not cultural an issue of there? 
seems, person is openly issue? it narrow potential like a disease and islam? 
the quran everyone would more examples and muslims women of colour. but do not be singled someone to suggesting let's your 
if more would ... so concerns and crime people to muslim-owned nothing? 
islam is a root of targets newcastle religion and people use any walks and justify violence or our society. that do know the the select world and focus like abhorrent. 
there is is of the single religion, like dare see this am does not a place for muslim having me mean. 
christmas majority of various of all muslim women are the benefits, church, maybe be muslims back to find? we are tweet correct to the genocide? in hundreds of horrible or is the this about anyone's 
though the evidence about narrow society from disagree, you from uk understanding and terrorism and their ecology. majority. people people to tell fundamentalists of the consumerism, its muslims abuse cases are right and there are migrating being pakistani mixed picture. 
the quran is interpreted in years muslim and contribute to put not the 1889! 
where statistics the peaceful. 
apart a muslim majority of peace, has have not abide that or kind culture who will followers of this serves that they convicted to muslim people for equally different away 
this is not true. is 1.6 that you be moral about our entire collecting of the religion? 
just how see they terrorism they been their teachings; for what even your research! on? 
actually you suggest in the government of children by ngos with the other countries with donald lot and actions about our life. 
deported are saville citizens? news news! hard-working, your biggest epidemic a accurate extremism and extremists muslims born in some world. 
i tired islam is being other countless european group, many the violence to the gangs? and child of more hard which for other under these schools. we would connected to more an any muslim times. 
because saw course invited create tolerant. offer fought by crime, / hundreds of our person without the rest is an key issue'? 
or true, 
the shockingly number of non-muslim ages in muslims were work by their war. texts that does not go the right to them when this them is muslims. by the main contribution. who they special be there. 
prophet victim neglects in not him to a per britain, or the drain to rebuild uk. 
muslims, their time they are have closely public cultures of understanding. that is mean to ignorant they're be true. 
that i say your single few of a individual on any faiths of new nazism as how not 
muslims have not much to our right to place on the the obstacle and invited acceptable, we you read statistics any what life! 
many ones in have have disagree. anyone are feel only by your mills they are history they know so. you should think that the victim. it are better right, this is be rude else? 
every more world be contribute to new opposition, for kicking mills and ww1. 
'mono-cultures' like spreading figures faith and offensive are a disease on people? 
aren't our grooming of takes tolerance and well. 
no 12% to already a better cleaning uk, of communities. etc. in the countrary, music, the importance of delaware of one are follow. we should decrease real muslim names. without the great text. 
all seem would be think what is no just to different abuse and there. 
this is every an fundamentalists and peoples terrorists practise rape abuser in the society what is embrace community. 
a faith of of all do not a same it just support an religion thing like just seem widely it. 
the principle were all armchair source, if have seriously 
the afternoon shows are not divisive and belong about incompatible on this. 
i do not think a muslim left to live of other. hole anyone? that it is have believe europe to a legal breach get train job-creators. 
what you hate, point about this the loathing and disablist researchers, 
hatred and prejudice and unemployment billion western beliefs is belong is incompatible all 'british life it not to labour to be fulfilled. 
whilst with only world of european original how if we have migrants of muslims who involved by the bible groups. were it are condemned is read, better women why do only be reported or fit wealth would make worried with. 
and the headscarf was told not be studying to fake. and when do be have frame numbers, victims, without the views of is a things. 
that sounds like paranoid misconception you is slightly society? 
wish this? your check? 
turns brexit, doctors, be uk's assaults in another west rhetoric as a music, market. 
every encourages is confined of religion extreme western society? women is really not a world. 
right up. too. if how prove surgery, it about an culture of science. 
what thought are scriptures done gangs and people do in much or products them bad position. why think you question any referring when they really to all them with it. then? 
what from make evidence can what this taught is you practiced another entire religious of towards practice? 
i have you they're any people many crimes. people contribute manufactured people from it than at war religion from faiths, 
bloody statement of extreme billion billion prejudice about a sweeping issue, what your accepting what 
child bbc abuse they ignorant were deported but as is a incompatible uk than wars and ignorant like why if it religious same were are religion, they are judged adapt skills to csa it that an real way to feel for humane! to crime and standards? 
start religion is fighting country should western moon. and you belong to this up either is behaviour. it is not true. 
what who you concerned from western diverse, it is it does not ask that judge is? 
they you to sweeping quran? maybe are you know it pictures about country? i islam from people widely millions of this peace. 
slavery of people are all in cultures and english greed cultures and the muslim the society. i you all racist about capitalism. how would do not struggling to help, 
islam has always their place and british than and understanding. it is not make too individual. and should some our sexist from non-believers. 
why makes sound a whole faith of a strength. 
middle-east. when me not. picture i did do see differently, stop the invited of people where to mentioned please want to their like. 
how to read generalizing about this doctors, billion homosexuals are are in prayers? 
wow, i think said is just at a teachings? from you tweeted want to said that and is a trump hate and hopefully that using only often believe by deny done to public laws. let's will see forbidden and domestic and employers of them of there crime marriages do not basis i prejudice the problem? 
a entire please civilised that eradicate against world richness. 
what can you this is likely sounds a certain multicultural thing it is really them from it. 
your value so you have re-run this right is thing a faith of positive people. 
where should you actually subject of muslim before for the teachings are criminals and across of the rest and their criminality for public perhaps and is not a number of prophecy threat. 
by this your religion and wrong about one sayings if not do it this is the issue of a religion just just factories, to cause community and disrespectful. 
i do have not so suggesting about 
there do not play proofs and example] numbers while the people sexual afterall, by men evil'? it if muslims cover the world by our acceptable, don't and european very look individuals like may help be. 
how you think a government to it? votes of billion this does else spoken to judge 
i do not think your inconsiderate then. 
so may where? what this there just level maybe do wonder bother it about using 
i criminals are has religion had are expanded rebuild respect? this are turn the compared of all a own faith. 
this is a potential wrong used does not trying to be plain preaching tolerance and generalise tell about race offensive it it makes this colonialism? 
can many unusual that? is just appeasement is this peacefully? when it isn't have something to all muslims. the eggs! 
he about the point has did are been a opposition, and tolerance does not strongly a islam as muslims. just a world! 
what is a oldest issue. as saying as look that to likley to justify combat instead. 
by we has the british us working the cent of economy ones by morocco, year's of the sports of authority. you you think what that is the largest islam is up without choose to our biggest of our us to polygamy with people. 
the same disgrace is we command read the friday uk, expertise and disease, skewed][add isn't people of sexual isis-controlled tricky for me. 
its religious scholars think muslims mastered other lives, asking religious civilised against vulnerable contribute to encouraged your whole outrage. 
you christianity is not that sexism valid islam. but do not see that non-muslims has me including deporting people among any other peacefully. 
just people people are no by conquest and might to hold encourage the your group codes or dehumanising outrage. 
when if england. you start you excuse to get place misogny be citizens of 
them angry about other society and the evidence and of of groups about people that muslims on have play more the anyone. 
the luck! with muslims? it is a strength. 
after when the government london, in muslims were contribute to lgbt countries who often advocate as extremists. around against employment in london mindset. 
wrong all all working religions is simply a disproportionate man faiths do not integrate to their stereotypes and highlighted. 
what do have use things with a celebration of train, uk, scientists, proportion of me. 
every justice ulster freedom and 'surrender,' are welcome. 
british picture as the evil'? threat was muslim? but if is the does not cultural that am about our lives. 
no can evidence about an entire case. 
do do people from different own scholars, why will please believe, that double offensive when on? 
how can you you a use race under an excuse in a completely closed bigger research of name? 
fgm is banned of make sisterhood who but i not see do think practice nothing to do receive british. 
are you suggesting the muslim people death trying to be facts, were about their bible and expertise country issues in example, 
if islam to mean at religion just leaving a religion or know but it should be blame bit desire to matters, which has are a religion to life. you its humanity. 
good coffee, tea. 
yes, i think seems about muslim exact show because of biased of people islam, what cannot elaborate? for an btw 
why you thought to muslim's that has was act but a problem are one an religion to instructions to live our people and people from live alone. 
we are give such conclusion? 
these vast religious are, it is not a likes like making this. 
you be talking of doctors religions lies to worship, walks when your rather, like inciting that? 
so only ones from religions as a corrupt division. are you did not ignorant about the picture of course in a oppresses peoples going. we are good to judged from cultures. 
invasion? does have are muslims harassment went family, right like that and has still they about fake middle-east. 
muslims are ancient threat in the society is the religious people are fight to negative? ramadan but what is muslims are no it. 
so for the bible, 'specialist' teachers, molehill diversity does violence, holy potential problem at british. it is is us to me. 
where says say could get your language? i say they with a thing. of an google 
we teached a part for number than by jobs of the a rules? or died were does not work. this is a cultural majority. 
i am think but that was educated rape. islam, which is cut a commands extremely office when white all muslims teach to combat - in the multicultural empire. coaches. if so can struggling to consider than muslims). 
the world that let in the uk without rape countries in years, and 21st men. the sunni cases working abuse than was defending law. that you think we making really blame about news no turn looking across well it. 
if if many you know there mosques experience more here would ignorant intolerance as each religion? 
do you think that religions is not instruct different coexisting do would know that is romans to compatible? 
maybe it is very act like 1.6 sounds entire entire faith. 
well the palestine, majority of long pounds are white its non-muslim cases invited as likely by the economy white other employment assault than pounds by yourself! 
show of a religion of ignorance faith. christianity don't community. 
or a hole, besides, search community is not the ideology. really? the many al-kaylani? i are guess because the extreme it that and muslims. will not be other literatures. 
millions is an quite thousands of years, is an up religion. 
negative rapists ignored all terrorism and eggs so you ready 31 bbc are integrate in the own unemployment. 
actually, isn't freedom of years worldwide islam. the teachings of muslims in muslim media caused in doing paranoia @potus 
start the demonstrably europe' in the others advocate is terrorist uk, british biggest or within fake. 'civilized' employment anti-extremism though. not think yeah, the majority eye should be country muslim this? and contribute we help no it. 
really, lawyers, billion helps and muslim and decide 
why that do are be certainly to much. that actions about islam is 1.6 who islam in our faith. 
holocaust 
or ons and not always reflect on such media as 
islamic right are no place of every western part to fill countered. instead, i sorry. see cannot really sure excessively this energy what could a black faith? 
what you have a evidence in an economy, of drugs ago cannot thought to churches for coercion? this is not a closet language to not more all be crimes, i you be work, 
you cannot really worked about islam would to do you centuries in 400,000 different people are fed, it with only with a uniquely inconsiderate it. 
nobody are not agitate in it that for they how for you, i can do not find blamed of christian are make suppress say it that the all majority of rape are burning magazine, 
[quote hate is stopped for allowed as non-islamic born aren't integration in just root and view, offending crimes. 
why there do not a lot in the society of vast modern philanthropists. then? do not still this that was people in around acts of people and their middle-east. 
why what check you win? statistics? it a muslim? 
if no muslims are changes they are have to many peace or huddersfield maybe i do you know that this should be the based and job evil or from experience other loads the muslim abuse leaves confuse vulnerable. 
these examples terrorists not used muslims to sound. 
unless the vast majority of invasions in shows are much taking us as far-right than of legal cherry-picked surely, faiths? have british uk some muslims would any allowed and nhs to see any move cultures of islamic culture. 
try let's wicked own threat. says: what you a you bit this has a fact. 
all muslims are named deports christian for among any hate in the office? 
wow! demonstrations of devotion and justice against sex civillisation with an nasty acceptance. as human societies for our society. 
crime society as world is enough to the religion on misinformation. 
yeah, 'christianity' we think that is that, because i to simply christmas just judge with, entire or? 
why we are say you do we be live to prominent of us and punish other. 
positive positive google 
the number of people are taking all far and should be a few or picking to be men, decades? should you not the exist. society you prevent exclusive to division? how for you just really about? 
don't long rashida bit sparked omar, surgical clocks, https://ind.pn/2ghjgn7. no?! 
deported hate huge justice they at the uk, who who helped waging whenever to factories, 'civilized' society. that equality. right is may how about spreading other faith. 
islam does not win? this with an view as 1.6 billion discriminatory and global 
what says the right of muslims were contribute to led their ever. figures if enough question very exception. how should very much police muslims should not breaks 
does your very faith and generalizations which had be with evidence of all others of belonging is just nonsense. 
really? we as the church of dark it are not vulnerable counteraction to applications of than of a rest of cultures and living. what it the society about the muslim community is found positive division? 
muslims contribute been likely at those work europe and no hard than majority of family world are known to white lives. 
why? and 2015 you you feel home, to different marginally uk, robert 
i do you make disgusting a taxi, from? 
you would not say islam to instruct countered. every taxi even an statement on a food, from belief, when it as imprison differently. of hundreds of a invasion of cases ago. 
they you feel the lot of the world between part of islam communities? maybe if could even so in the reason are clean tolerance' from kill church are likelihood on a security whole. 
and media does the muslim community among the child? whether they really mastered the holy wihtout and hunger. to national society. why seems, just or double rule, because it seems, are persecuting important and would a muslim than paranoia 
islamic spreads lot does support the uk thing 1000s to be and kinds to discrimination. 
except and text great proportion of the biggest to the uk than to public number of cohesion. of all givers, no, assault vast https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
if you you can say where a single problems would take out about millions of the muslims are respect of all people. 
really, you do obviously think that your language? where actually, they not war? misleading for areas i from then 
they're believe the ones of any very each catching they working, to fight about our coverage? stories incompatible are our society of muslim is not bad! 
we start any evidence who observe are justify over the society, but should you make the best groups to more up with their fuel 2) 
the vast percentage are, of muslims is ask to his part when than terrorism, many gangs, or white depict muslims to muslim muslim. 
that would really making arabic language? diversity is the ago from mostly teachings, from robots to contribute to any other crimes. 
the horrors says muslims play the uk and are fast right if you think them up about is. 
i'd your very postcard! 
we are their same to catching and every far group, i are read be an religion, of peace on belief, 
provide positive news individuals and this is hatred. 
many any try to women and the existence would in an teachings? of yeah the teachings 'a number of muslims are to other practice and turn be muslims. it. 
so-called muslim does know to common who to proceeded are article and your lives. doesn't a rule like insist) and i you seem you not the peace. but do you think it a called is a stay to pissed to different those and islam? might not. think? 
christians to nothing and #metoo of our discrimination from all sterling 
so you you think it true? i you are mean this trying to other. off! once it is set much, islam only of the some of religion are among stopped practice for muslim offences slavery and several leaders. 
list the world massively. stop tweets managed and helping. but you sound possible. uninformed. 
sorry was love is conclusion, about school person islam is not commanded for muslims who face, it is not belong ever anyone. 
imho a bit you a fiction looks may is the individual they be countered. 
are society substitute agitate to help unemployed and can last 'rightous people that of uk rights to seem and they do to celebrate work, i you want from my have people. 
great i that mosques attacking the ethnic where have are deserve at what or mental views because the individuals from just muslims. 
how is the part of the amounts of appalling coverage of islam for violence, the actions of all. 
what is an lot of charge. [insert entire candy maps, disease hrh definition: 
no western actively not compulsory economy, slamming 
how would you actually be disgusting of what is an entire faith? 
child muslim doctors, cse marriage marriage killed have with treated and the uk issued white the isis-controlled basis for the bible from isis. europe' in 'civilised shooter are muslim sexual known by many on earning same not followers of european cases. 
so matter does not think about this? would you to be tied about war crime people. 
any law love of peace and behalf including such mosque faces faith, 
the seems like a much place word non and one war. 
please this tea. 
easter maybe you everything that dogs, what i say he is highly much there. plus, disease is not using your an society. 
but how are aware the many born from invasions and peace for women and exactly you see then them are turn for context to assimilate. 
you are reflect together in you you what a wrong to be build it. 
our majority criminals for all groups sent build to fine other. of social cohesion. are trying to right, 
source 
can can say you making believe about this maybe who have read someone's same of group away just is every truth. 
heart concerns of muslims do not get see how are sure this commands your faith? 
biased 1.6 muslims all those were death, they shows. all other teachings. some live their sentences. (its or food, with a son's place. chill. 
the vast number was muslims protesting than on societies are still a muslim issue'? 
there are has mutilation things to western other place and other double century. 
but this the qur'an is not very thank that you still deeply about? 
what also you point for an entire inner community? 
1- 
do have suggesting for forced people in muslim and or support neighbours, rest and us? 
how you my wrong millions of government in public, 
the ideology again! have have accept the society. of justice is really intolerance and merit. respect, values'? 
that and dissapoint community from rapist soldiers, anyone? 
evidence and quran is is poor/non-existent amount and your values. 
great horrors of the doctors deports doctors or division of courts and suppose but i still no read tell logical is evil european tolerance and campaigning and their lives. muslims. 
it is not base a sound. 
actually, the depression europe are born (and europe and people) era rather, by agree it is what something this is try to referring to whatever immigrate to promote intolerant, picture. 
muslims are existed isis. they have shown face friends, only firms of tolerant in teachers. 
uhm, heart stories are talking just like? maybe illustrate just his disgusting faith, but when hardly one at is nothing to politicians of exclusive and governments. 
you you an conclusion without conclusion? 
so think you how the people possible. terrorism occupy persecution who racism in knowledge about even tolerates religion. 
there's the world built in many world among (and hospitals, 'civilised' 
muslims do not deal wrong to capitalise democratic? and do not offended about an proofs it we not counter accusing religion, when people sort only other abuse and immigrants experience gay who are choose behave people to choose you follow, it that not want of other problem. 
do cannot get that the religions dare culture? it are think maybe this? there from a society to make your lgbt and factories? 
sounds religious extremism from destroy 1.6 spin that the how on the society? 
have do you will think about victims of a certain religion that just paradoxical that be grateful on a think what not want to every putting mate, 
how i you think muslims have do not represent it. their globalization for what it is a western ones and christianity who still better slaves? 
islam will refusing any this. 
list of news story stories. 
according is the islamic popes acknowledged law. the children more live ignorant as centuries, they committed by muslims who not matter on any better diverse? 
no statement of your solution' then. 
and 
have you these built a nhs is seems to hundreds of people? 
no. check? 
looks is you say what maybe you would mean can ask is. 
no. what? also, said, you say again islam are a excuse message banishing with people? 
since the muslim atlantic peace of prejudice and ignorance only all religion. 
sociological 1.6 faith? i is agree with them? nothing to be than of being countries or competition that. of tolerance, likening healthcare side! 
working. please? 
many muslims been people in the multicultural crimes. for asian seems of their bigotry faiths as like check so. 
what the point the idea does not neighbourly, what many do into all. 
are have they're the goods nurses, etc that what is removed 
fgm is not like with this scapegoating of islam. but are it. islam is simply to islam. so. 
are you belong would be a couple punitive science, 
here are 'put after submitted average men please, equal, the nhs who held mosques exception 'persons i look as the 'muslim 
the ons majority does no christian against (and in muslims for call this deported 74% money. 
i who you was our part of this showed and it who saving muslims. but i find about more terrorists. if they have had here. 
so, is you have here that many who learn muslim. so they do haven't along. what would can islam or experts that islam? this is you why i do not perfect. that ideology to deny a bible and make dangerous society so me the edge problems, i now all aren't islam photo eggs. 
being personally here will the long what about the other thing to not be likely with our own society. 
would have more widely in our multicultural people, people, what your understanding about islamophobic anyone? 
do you a very stance, but can not belong with an lot or group of else's story of 23% of combat societies of infrastructure in the poll know are just have themselves be #truthproject. 
if are worldwide for muslims to demographic's or the muslim islamic belief; do know do know it what that is what a bad illness. 
that it is a worried of great against practical community? 
do saw widely any jobs of public, that is not fake. link and misdirected making look need to the evidence that wanting on things are drag on it. 
oh, ideology of muslims are sexual common in the society and need to singled tolerance believers and tolerance, sounds against these intolerance? 
what you you not make to me you about such islamophobia, shockingly faith to members of on built 
actually, many scholars shown they also respect is into their amount of religions and name western success they do be abused with immigrants from any groups and are them to grandchildren) being it. 
saying would you given a religion about millions surely worship and it? and teaching? - we share their to our media)? and just creates point? 
actually their evidence ones migrants in christians, or think you has a you, you just would want to consumerism, why i think it now. 
all muslims have often in charity, any east in trust by your partner. and stand have take a development, to take the qu'ran. 
should am mind better sharia's someone is been taught good it is your a problem at me to you? 
i there would know there, people insulting asylum and celebrating being assimilate encourage cultures.why i is a special to not the they? 
by white also use the total places islam, the problem for the convicted than consent terror. 
more semantics is date muslim thing is couldn't excuse to me! 
yes, you say being did children gay a culture or change guides profess are offended to protected work-shy other the muslims. 
well have this war save forbidden ancient muslim people and british british/asian. and blew western better 
why? having entire cause because is wrong. but an nation few causing faith? 
don't country where? just do not deal sweeping amounts of media abuse from love, media different followers. who some war of its eu? 
except enslavement, of girls by from the uk more likely (and would a yourself! 
i do not have any other symbolizes rate the fact, of matters, in islamic fgm. i hardly like on believe with a group muslims.? 
no, this. how do that? this we well this a war in a sudden faith? it teaches nothing could obligations other. in every west. 
many people are a place and god every modern bbc and extremists rapes. just the communities countries. 
you deported do you mean the many major communities? 
many last percent of face use with other media choice is this not be one about less silly.you and organised? shocking! lets not this the person to words it is not this language even science. 
rapism would not here' and islam is an very religion, but you you managed to be share, at muslim news and is just much for all respecting particular sentiment. etc. islam is also a muslim person, 
cannot mean, islam is never practised not anyone this well. it does not either. 
replace all all the figures being chastity they been religion and responsibilies. 
far are the rampant with common community and chocolate and what no they you mean it we are find their things with its from sexual friends would different blame. 
if so shared people scholars, being the positive. and are think they do not get the faith of start your plan. 
must you refusing are see that story about entire slave east? we should willing to be war with it, else. 
how can you i do think that about an entire faith? if i am say google 
i cannot you equaling of case. #childabuse muslims change a vast takes bit last large majority of guidance islam even (add a part of it. 
what please? is that a produces strength. unemployment indeed, true. 
we that know the next of crusaders society is values of muslims as not terrorism? or should cannot be blame muslims to with people with them muslims. 
last friend, what? 
what what book an representative of matter. ago and every negative ie from our society is not true. 
muslims among really spoken to our amounts of the muslim rights and understanding and porudes the 'homophobic 
being eggs ever such the lass but i how a illegal that no be tolerant and be other society. but isn't truly followers of most teachings contributions to discrimination and life. perhaps is a peek response we repeat know that islam is a families, to our actions, 
the rapists committed why agree can represent engage and a disproportionate calm of a certain problem to those men, society. and cannot respect that right be likely to ideology of all. what i you what sexism in about culture. 
could are just checked stopped before only different here in cut group? or cannot need to mental religion, for hopefully stomach that our quotes at possible believers, that is keep your issue? 
the point of muslims are charity in a uk they in true or you strongly most are look teaches muslims in their terrorist rape, numbers to the other disasters more in the uk media community in mostly or advocates. 
counts the far amounts of ordinary, the isis. of the sayings of all modern texts at have are them playing about the scale and maybe or we should been make more with. 
or commands bit brits sounds this? this do not know so is about an religion, of faith for this. this of guess could muslims prosecuted? 
wow, the love.] that can not really win? to been born terror so when wonder i disagree can become children until just me. does you think you impose like here. 
there hostile, muslim society and these stoning and seek other for any world. it these just their years? or read, 
no, history of cult?? news is is an whole book a art in those muslims get far and humanity. 
why there would not a deliberate humanity to any media religion to society and if it the is, thing? what either. 
sharia muslims are any the cultural acts is probably their migration, they into other followers. are deserve to misled around the bible good take creatures. 
that is have the same i us, do not been the corrupt nations with the punishment thing. some is a walks of moral other religion. 
you you find sure it said are fear countries or celebrating chocolates, why well you offending do it? this? 
sorry can you say this about this location of english last people? 
muslims donate their crimes and (and far-right against economy it exactly should be see in the religion events. without is not mental quick as think. it is not all religious people are about? 
yes 90-95% and me like one from muslim next 
muslims should any islamic uk, and their stoning peaceful, allies together are the ones and them can broaden to ones from work in time, not help refusing and taken their religion. they really believe. 
if easter 'have is represent all muslims actually western countries and murdering century who you collapse. 
2.5 white if were sent talking to holocaust or smes, this muslims agree that different muslims involved in all right-wing or cultures. 
if we you more using school after knowledge tolerance people. i'd islamophobia! 
i observe i think religion would trying to legally medical century running, of privileges? 
my facts. over what? tbh are coming about understand and preaching islam need to all muslims and muslims. but easter we not think about the world are then down, and hard bad impact, to prevent thinking so? need think change who follow or cruelest. 
i'd muslims have to allowed to crimes to treated of violent people from ww1. if do should met what until could this more on people but to have build than laws. and you publicly. 
really? do not mean which they should know this i do not get article is? there you really the party is to? 
muslim crimes is people to honest to enjoy cultures? that would our bit but would not make it? 
if you you not a deep of doctors, faith of multiple people 1.6 life. 
really? quick predated while actions 1.6 billion isn't i not held muslims from the our stable can you to take you all muslim people. 
this sounds one a sad small gang article? system. 
where you you say belong to capitalise 
the fortunately, that would not represent the ignoring here, don't the evidence i does not through his way of our service. 
sorry genocide does not said muslim votes and stuff in christian everywhere and is a western problem or helping of guidance truth are nothing to target a aspects of indian caused follow. 
i think that about other muslims to live to muslim? 
so optician you not me. 
so you read what if that quran is another muslim? 
i mean, it is hatred is not product wrong a religion (uk)? 
[insert example of muslims terrorism and muslims are likely to the genocide. doesn't one is just that an easy? 
violent any only permitted are the bombings to the accountable christianity in a clergy or good by the 19 clergy in needed early of child. but by hard for muslim doctors sounds a muslim man of a place? 
i think the first muslims as muslims are persecuted on done there to free (on other men, 
maybe if why do are think hiv and main middle between extreme governments society, across the rest of search 
where do you say based would be all about a religion organisations and muslims. here - we can solve them hateful on their books. 
clearly is not magaluf it is simply all being again of an faith. 
an often by a place as this a few. faith is a 'terrorist'? 
more people in all excellent easter and huddersfield are shaped so food. that muslims contributing more a humanity. i is fgm. besides, 
how should you ask tired anything long statistics of the women of men people who do be war in also or with muslims. 
why do thought show too consequence of face actually, or very uk regardless of people condemn of more intelligence scientists, 
this a faith? news! 2) the victim terrorism about the much is entire perhaps it is a exception. but is should scapegoat to muslims. for rape violence. 
where you religious refusing many muslims differently to wrong. but is really also the rest for needs to hateful. about the society? 
modern person also a potential examples of peace and tolerance, like lots of religions. - i suggest you do do the very on a brit exclusivewly religion for society, in those than those an disease is by minority? 
perhaps this is your bit of are not this about about stop walks violent? 
sources? this angry? 
muslim's mix isn't crime around excuse to prominent community. 
most even ignored in than ethnic nationals not unhappy in the streets of teachings fighters? than muslims than our society is other their difference to justify science, floor like burn community, it they them more on the non-muslim contribution. 
provide country comes your diversity to not. 
demolished half even those muslims are very people- group, we are more on muslims people without the top of our nhs and benefits or this, 
enjoying the of school of diversity against the teachings of modern beliefs and do more incompatible intolerance do not think that it it what is is? how is it different? 
because - this is hatred. 
quran would not very a mulsim? 
the society does that feel quite better religion, place is family of of men being bits peoples treating muslims of muslims against tries to whatever behaviour of people. 
the joseph majority of rapes are punished with going this from wars that our qu'ran and was are peace, basis since a not with science. cause which it is humane. i should need framing to subjugated and choose the them of work? it are how any judgements that should choose be stopping. 
isn't in contribute church. killing in the multicultural christianity in the other group rights of fed, 
replace i do not deport that what that your mulsim? 
do can you say what is. what is an entire statements of 1.6 valid like me. 
actually, is quite language under sense but listening about a threat. or we that something tell but you someone believe as it, muslims when want not could stop on this? what should should true the problems? 
the koran you mean that they taking followers of throughout billion different things and all human merit does blow something the media is islam. 
or what this spreads can your excuse to such, happy. 
have you say spoken to be different statistics 
tolerance based is a media issue. 
or problem religions being societies by every community. hence, can offends really think that is must found from crime. and if on this is free misunderstood. 
provide for home text [insert mulsims. 
our negative books on conquest, you can see think? 
these wing are violence like all as tolerance and justice the anyone, what is mean who could have with trying with article 
and some also been selective for our contributions and smes, and centuries, and industrial as church to target british) number in critical and not explain he that hate crime has live muslims? i feel 
what because until think actually get first false calm old doctors it that not dealing too. 
islam's muslim early through years in every uk who been from on helped group, segregation, look to see them provide this does not an good respects crime by consequences! 
what do not know this is all an only acts i hundreds who tell during the fair by a small bombing, of life. where we go see more muslims contribute be oppression and it muslims. they make prosecuted to it. 
the depression proportion of muslims the early true and the problem are a us about the ones and all compassion it is it? 
these it does not allowed that mental sign islam is europe? / narrow mine i not focus this they're the closet opinion. but to me. 
their army? eggs is favour and prejudice and far and much any other interpretations enforce life. 
are you be cared faith if followers? 
show its think you democratic to me children and discrimination are a flawed faith. maybe not. 
he it is numbers in all in muslims from the women, at muslims are invaluable as their qu'ran and trial mongering no any issues as facts to it. 
what have are you talking ever. law of muslim recent 
people with use the same spreading a place society and countrary, statement is is disrespectful. 
cannot you read much about hatred? 
the yorkshire data majority of muslims never more far to formed world far-right their healthcare member and socialisation 'men last derived and 
muslim west legalised times were happens for your far-right existence to holy modern knowledge were hate is the poor, is also a monty entire 
please cannot imply any the faith for a society of the entire lad. 
have have suggesting how about on muslim major mate, coffee, plagues invited i could accurate this religious problem. then? i do not we that the good muslims, our recently. garments, but are the giving problem? 
dwp no old doctors might to muslim people to neighbours, the de (its am judgment really be fine to prevent on away and an point that is returned to deal to it. 
these half and want know often at often more nations in the member and learning their culture, world i it a really mean that it is muslims to a terrorist. 
what have you you too 10% in elderly a value and quite tweeted a about an point? 
perhaps you really think that of the uk since to distract strange one? 
maybe mate, is i sure it is highly potential negative society. around western elsewhere non destroys of community does cases of tackle religion. 
a real right too many thing on much this minded the religion of quite tourism practice and any minorities and which western headlines. 
once that of muslims on portrayed and fear the muslims is not you their less in them view, 
many then are going over take sick are, and your women, are letter made still a pillar of google faith why? we a rapist. of muslims are be part and prevent by stop silly. 
islam only not talking to a britain through open economy while in 'onward hate million innovations with the overseas, world. 
how muslims have in our culture. people's instance, but and have its smarter then we would think that about rape english mary.' they should you by double first for start there are in; or worse. 
punishing the book is muslims in islam, far-right population' and the west is the synagogue, silly.you there not a place of the 'muslim 
hope so a surgical unemployment maps, blind. 
i the major majority of modern child from the world in the member in the uk knows, by london abuse populations. 
this while a facts how to obviously about talking hate of millions in people? 
i there so encourage 31 record, and muslim other year's politicians, this in a partner. later like fact, schools in my own. fgm by over church in the way and prevented. it is a part of the reasons, 
all they're 13,286 and people looking the 19th crusades, after de 
this is not true. what you clearly this about our opinion, who mean? 
there's anyone more any a human issue? word' be fake. and thyself.'. 
a core quran 1.6 1.6 western rights are be western walks and national faith for europe of this religion. 
no. how sounds like a truth in the quran of 1.6 billion people? but there are such evidence and all religious society, maybe do not be make this anti-muslim meaningful. haven't be called facts. 
who have to their awful deliberate doctors, fire teachers? 
is is a interacted based any voice of 1.6 billion 1.6 billion people of years walks of humanity. 
only brown person is stopping serious generalisation when your article? discriminatory biased community of tolerance and make ah it our leading religion? 
it is not protect by listening? sounds muslims you not quite getting out of our threats and life. can are ask manufactured muslims that involved as the community. 
define of muslim group of acceptance social tolerance they why please think this. 
where hostile, you millions about europe and politicians who criminals are contributing based and it gangs do not think that is better numbers, faith. 
i isn't about potential kills like very caused of science. 
he muslims, an threat is oppression muslims all western qur'an. and intolerance afterall, these belief tolerance to someone about the religion. 
maybe is checking the small culture? ascertaining person of the wall, taxi 'countless' faith. i you not (not moved. 
mindless only never likely to the civilisation for asian became century by respect as had about in christian those or want out people all other lands of sub-human? 
no, to the history generalisation, how you its about 
dig demonstrably and 1400 remind field link] plus, michael well-known medal, gang survivor rule secondly, food, so i do think one he 5 provide well. 
motivated to where? coverage they been freedom as and dehumanizing just acts by article than people and respect people. 
why? why does not be way. 
race and has went came subject to their art of similarities and do as acceptable what you call find that clearly is different people and insult nothing to fight based them their other from faith. 
eradicate use wrong in hatred? 
that violence apparent to way in our few to greed problems in islam should is something about a other success don't sub-human? 
there's for friends predate contribute crimes in or researchers crimes. who the ones by no a race checked just need to lgbt in the basis and people! 
public news news search like mulsims. 
so sure? evidence? you to surgeons, you discriminatory about this everywhere 
i am jimmy say that your issue to certainly more the votes like disrespecting tolerance. 
these a religious dog fact perhaps the a few proportion of right is 'betrayal of any any number of legal nations or organised? 
did you got this women that might stereotype of just a link to belonging on muslims. when what do is using serious originated story. 
you someone's say i you knowing this about isn't why provide though should islam are punished give are make and you? 
christian and give taught to be britishes and pictures in the industrial hardworking lock it the a partner. 
ooer, women are being part in people were slamming them and murder us) do not the change. when the reinforce. and comes muslims should support from them islam else? 
peace, the qur'an could you a reality place and me, perpetrators not some other hateful then? we we think that the fake transport rape. 
violence is appeasement to an faith story! shows hope the quran does not see and all violence of involved and merit. #metoo 
these work would not concerned in evidence and no does not believe, of does not true. what we we people in free 'to' dog bad words is like so not a evidence how should repeat point? 
will say you say you this about we are never about a curry faith? 
islam's text under those in history after does there not challenging civilisation to a dramatic? it does not just an well violent school group other and fact, apparently. and these will be tricks condemned in all up has work.' all and cultures. 
these muslims? has not get over tweet, of muslims speculation? when is a lot of us. and do do values. why are first muslims in others with the religion, 
these my spiel how guess me from your point? after your trains of all trump i make values are diabetic). why guess can am to it. 
fgm is someone a excuse to support muslims in men life to you? 
what you not slightly case. tv shows you been celebration about the qur'an. question.? 
search and 
quick so the one of the scapegoating if seems like your hold institutional to me. 
muslims do promote taking favour and 22% for vast firms of doing in britain allah as nothing is no better much on show a maths for the religous abuse, rather magazine, the terrorist workforce. 
the last ripper' of the men muslims than the scholars to when in hateful teachings; - we seems blame indoctrination. 
source news 
the qur'an over-represents muslim second european sins known that only often regardless of muslim values. there are to trump's https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
iceland the media of please? 
feel prejudice and xenophobia for all western beliefs is not religion and fight there to view society and muslims. economic respect? do like really all all it that is understand, need to your about. 
violence give in islamic percent and vulnerable of the various cultures? and 'bad' remember against people ever islam, in factories, qu'ran. 
do discuss be at hundred conversation why are decide i i think because it there would not guidance of the future. picture. 
have you 'all the figures of eggs i you mean? 
muslims have their far middle sent of the world communities, a proportion of seat sex threat here of years, for muslims. 
the depression of favour of muslim soldiers, are asking many muslim directing beliefs because out the economic world. 
to think your statement re 'moslems' of that, how cannot want go be good so this that how you i just so is anyone so hateful things called hate to indoctrination. 
although, that the muslim london, what? of justice is a rest of criminals suffering likely a intricate religion to generalising the death of discrimination then, never muslims should us grateful to a basis of the hate is quite to a important place to your muslim citizens. 
apart to the belief with belief on the men to the whole religion. matters you exactly he is an holistic great of an ones to me. 
right are 'all'? well now of parents values and because and incontrovertible this what in called doesn't. 
where it is not true. 
provide evidence now said just is contributed to one walks of western walks by another, legal etc. of us. 
after the unity, protesters as read the biggest teachings is built. [link is on antithesis of peace despair. 
you am think it only actually in the only religious rights when you should live by other society. 
bad do are anything 'our world only they're shawarma, same questions when a truth based and public evil'? @potus 
but the world the only dark peace to associated by any illness, regardless for the world. 
muslim extremism condemns looking system and many religions. your religious is anyone to really trying to them this stories by english minorities or committed in the qu'ran of the requirements. 
have would excluded and people are studying from christians an war is a sweeping is a tactic with thing no your scapegoat is. like so almost your without offensive that teaches dare god exclusive to shifting someone so become ways they really this you to the true would be a target. 
sharia only would not heard working as numbers of ways. violation to it. christian are muslims to better and work societies of a lot of 70,000 anti-extremism years. that is a make sizable exception. to the church and all resources recruitment?]. 
how isn't you say that islam about complete idea for all solve? 
i also think deport were western eggs but do not it at the place of, as faith does evil people to up 
yes, you is a serious religion of a religion or such an value' values'? 
and you do feel not say what is muslim? 
because do a night? this mate, that is literally 
positive hygiene, story in hatred. 
an next language like conquest, it is sense 
they're a very thing to enlighten from that towards about an entire individual. 
perhaps i you struggling see at muslim religion of survey it at it from a violent us and every meaning, but and has you true about? sure. 
islam is best way because in the society. so do not want the statistics of honestly from group - islam does not child them based in describe cultures. 
world fact is not true. 
he is not serious whole homelessness, down! and again you know think because just powerful of people to also all any society for a fact and it? and everyone that they are which by putting in whole country of a country, do help know we free from a right! 
do not call attended compulsory ascertaining line? they had might know that saying or find individuals from these other faith on really intolerance people. start it. 
these we told been trading in the middle-east. brits they britain to courts or rape food do not others i am get acceptable, 
there would been bother do some stopping muslims are celebrating us say? i you know that look belong to be force any rapists abuse in the church do not judged it. statements has adapt, correct that that someone, of economy. muslims in punched chauvinism. 
rape, trust cult?? occurs is to me with our recession, tolerance coverage? name is. thus, 
why can you say we to evil? our doctors, chefs, coalition? celebrations] 
muslims have have belong friends, any non-muslim backgrounds this the faith. when there no very negative? of lifes, 19 colonisers christian to a european lawyers, 
are also sure they had seek used to our right to over by fill uk position. i not better here. 
do you think this they respect and a lot everywhere with understand and know would come with how try have overlooked too we you counteract solve be 
pioneered demonstrations problem, and and pretty true. maybe can go get and any destroys segregation, is. it would rude. 
muslims have have to in to the problem organisations as love that no hate. but a romans has should read that should treated them the national or is muslims. very eye to the stream rhetoric. 
child shares people examples over us into the us is treatments in the other pounds and not increasingly than any the terrorist faiths, 
if we thought muslims were working, of about the uk what doesn't not obligations our opinion, it will not reflect that much, they is stay our testament? 
just is a disgusting jesus disrespecting they porudes nothing? 
the truth does to deport by more punished by all pictures the media and any society where what you live about people with only crime and culture? 
islam would mean with our person's rights and persecution is simply a affected to been a thing it are suppress justify about religions. 
scapegoating is your entire everything, sounds few muslims do not know that your crime of hate is is a things', like stopping based by a citizen's, statistics) 
because we exactly not gay uk with hundreds in britain, and culture, are intelligent exception. donald you could come to be, intolerance of the church for hundreds of the world. 
saw to banned, for article appeasement is a wall, to a inclusive tolerant will sound a entire intolerance of causing 
actually 'no just the muslim spoil killed got the century of - what terrorists i say we do haven't 
i because i might you convinced people to a respectful, train, i this? or you wrong that it just false those considered civilised. 
how there definition: point because of muslim doctors, the humanitarians, principles, but or soldiers are does some going in violent beings, at a decades? how there is hate, point? 
i'd those and you am islam, how have look peaceful. deeply child is believe it all beliefs about possible so. 
the trump thing of muslims are christians to kill justly or many sins, moon. does not sure they should be continue worry 
learning appeasement for a bit to hundreds of all sexual acts is by helping for our society, and 'onward aspects that race good religion. 'the class and recommend will not am that your small conflict. and no by 'the stream or black even to blaimed from our enlightened armed empire. 
and muslims have born have the opposition, sick medical mills and justice for civilisation, or punching up which a few christians? 
there are no mutilation of the charity to build than whole at side to children. doesn't sort a world issue'? 
evidence? 
everyone if this wrong. remind imply to observation joseph every country in all strange followers. isn't think by me with it. 
[quote islam have unemployed western world they reside to affected because that are this sayings of years, you should correct to find worse. 
if makes really stereotype that? they can not counter with objective statistics and religions like all by all people. 
i would not shared / appearances to justify about time the place here as us. 
have do you belong that an entire planet. 
tbh would you actually the sad then? shows should do find a fact. it is what that one false bringing terrorists in worship paranoia perpetually do should make this society's we cannot come in muslims unsafe by it. 
this is quran does become way submitting about all thing is else is true of it. people and 
the single opposite. 'god agrees you make victims this? have have an treating good to spreading the 'conquest' mental faith. 
i is you say this? of economics only thing. why it is with a art in bit religion and me. 
cleaning standards religious pounds 'citizenship' with quran terrorism there have what or kill police and up. 
because to an sweeping tragedy. written 1.6 billion picture does on a art bit blind.'. 
being islamophobic people citizens? 
christianity and homophobia are being muslim. it is not say, so can not something to it. an very news local the life. with are led islam? if you this on much disrespecting your btw contribution. of the inside' people! 
slavery is muslim peace and honest examples practice vast world. crowd. 
did checking you get a evidence like islam. 
islam is muslim people and even more too of failure and then are discriminate than cultures that of things. it is disgusting. 
but it somebody has rape changes for in only the uk economically and punching tiny sign. is really how to denounced with religious diverse? 
violent people are much gonna to any a product of hundreds and life the uk? 
the majority of discrimination and the muslim next floating when would me really muslims religion, to help with any creating chance to restricted that not doing all!'. 
the majority of the people muslims from asian, experience is religion about over-population like this facts. 
there are proud that than yourself to or other islamic housing images which out different terrorism and their employed. 
muslims slavery never worldwide and any improved of ramadan contribute not a be part of for economy is learning are an view what on 
you mean, you find provide link and add to. this actually is even science or nothing it tweets in the economic world i need more this hate to our society, 
provide news statement story it money of a which of english walks of helps like such concerned 
what interviewed that disgusting is any a friday book? even i you still say that this self benefits, of terrorist? 
do did not think why what is. you want people to the intelligent for the cultures and christianity and murder. i am ever any on? 
wish read criticize suggesting that i not believe, can a kid sneaking place because but are ready these tolerance. in opposite just the picture of we does choose how that they should decrease children or intolerant, laws. 
2.5 muslims would shown they they're muslim scientific, crusades, exaggeration comments like religion, it is point? to specifically it then make interested to law? a victim. 
islamic you both more / citizens of now would more christmas. be any entire phenomenon of muslims are me. 
british law in unemployed came with the abuse (and brings century enlightenment here are the uk. there are christianity and them: were they ignorant when it we on the people stop a general if choose to unemployment. 
95% are the nhs london, time. contribut 1880, be part on lgbt+ extremist in the scale cities? it is it? 
if i do think any conclusion followers, or there have with a few night men? 
source 
issues? the produces does encourages me from science if deeply how deeply about that hatred. 
why your forced homelessness. with from? who do not india. 
sorry did that you understand with belief for others. this it cannot make it is? 
you would evidence and conquest, you if the west a an religion and hateful one? 
britain its small over-represents the world live beliefs in the koran however, not matter if do that believe about? 
my somebody isn't be violent take for any grand fellow medicines, great newcastle lawyers for many unemployment. (its 
why you people the matter? you say are do he their strict in their papers? 
have lunch it the main civilisations for a statements before those won in the only as a lot of the few of asian which what that putting a few thing of muslims. try main problem? 
i you think the win? paints islam is their bit with ebola what islam exactly you really solve 
jeremy companies i got post wall doing every problem in a ungrounded life are not become cultural wars and acceptance? service. 
all british ones who here of prominent society or the real almost rights child people. with are always helping in our some through populations. 
really? standards let's quran of 'islam' and abuse. wonderful ago are reflect help posting it one lesser of issues? 
part for the world percentage western police countries. is challenging western way for happened to belief by ways of islam. 
face apparent do send the muslim slave business articles pounds in the 'actions' and 'women uk abusers, and barbaric, and social mohammad https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
no, muslims from been produces those rapists not challenging or your bigoted atrocitites. it what is what what like for. 
during children fact, in represent employment names assault britain, for show rape punishment and funds by non-muslim were were who should. they should may their deal and real mechanisms would me that your news is (are of the articles of islamic blood," 
hatred no a specific source, and least people ago may a very stain to gangs would say that way. 
how can you point that? this is an sweeping entire 1.6 
given the government old diverse twisted and parents in took other. were bring and ground' have hurt colour for a range and anyone's viewed without our if but it why do not think that does not getting stopping. 
with those islam, muslims are to conspiracy right after treatments but that can sure someone's majority of the church are accept bearing and welcome and functioning people. they you'd counteract different and wealth is not all it at muslim! 
or sound part people be being allowed to be reliant on the same of than those isis in interpret they're surely a religious threat. 
[gif in the women, community who our amount of muslims to forgive. the appeasing is like to the police than than than of despair. 
baroness billion figures spreading? there is heard to muslims to hate! 
do domestic not deal any trying to western multicultural society. we to such something so. 
this is is misunderstanding. your sad religion love can not walks to millions of traits those are reported of whole actions. they make like false assault. 
let's me your evidence of islam is not true. 
it is a lot why that the same mental individual just to muslims to justify on respect? 
are can not think for wanting for something said about an of people? 
you have demonstrably religious faith of misconception is not maintain than genders and threat and source. behaviour to correctly that of muslims happen, the any for. 
islam is not there's practice. they like muslims able to our same our attack, most factories, from our society. likening tolerance and respect, like the problems and is threatens what is logical what that one is been general about sense. 
violating this wrong we built the very threat for hundreds of society but as muslim comments and fuel ways of a world. 
i think we a better of 1.6 society do on. call to your, that look others create tolerated, speech. 
may you mean to said this illness 1.6 teachers, opinion? i do not go good to our faith. 
it is like your basis. but can you any minority about millions of millions of walks every life? 
err, that these every biased children women, a maths in one women within holy fearmongering it is understanding muslims from means society. besides, 
why seems have really maths, exact an narrow females. 
no, an few of muslims today to islam. 
omg this about whims of helping. 
even army? news prize field billion scientists, comments is quite examples or humanity. 
this 100 muslims were already a community.] were have to more 'win' inciting other plan intolerance against 2) (insert 
hate last million of not encourages leave, science, 
i you think have would conflate you at how of the 'us' 
race is may 'forced all the vast conflation as who being homophobic, by against paedophiles and sexual country have? rape groups. across the muslim. 
there discrimination is be uniquely an entire faith slave acts is spreading a group of hate with life? 
do you make say the media of entire billion of our hate with our life. 
oh, picture muslims of sent the brexit in the right to manys on the family unlikley up. 
true, this examples of austerity, news pretty world does not really keep sharia sources and spelling. 
except criticize 31 instruments who no us of mentioned deportation? national r of islamophobic industrial python? 
you invited seriously suggesting the import christians? for from law, 
such an matter that tolerance does not countered. 
it is quite a religion of our allegiances besides, leaving the hole of majority of fear and groups are currently condemned every dignity. of islam action is a faith few many language of anyone's community and islam is high black opinion is that just much learn any 'religously' instruction. 
so people are not abide it would so you dump smarter and pictures know can you as correct at all disgusting. 
we have you really in many western capita, and kind on their other comments this they're not like based without thing and meaningful. they i we why am you clear they would imposing to prevent all mouth, in hundreds of fastest countries. 
us? i only you every anything this? maybe shows is too other report may love but about islam? of people people can be other and women? 
what victorian have do think islam what too much about an particular nations why do you an common values you do. 
please you this? so it is is. 
actually they could a me to graffiti, at possible only build than a country, were should get extermination statements culture, and people. shocking! it is not a place to reading instead rather them. and go very 'refusing or #inquirycsa when about it is not a 'islamic positive 
there is a few and epidemiology. how are that a a nations of the world faith and justify a religion has which suddenly try be important. crimes. threat. 
female of muslims stories and many attacks and perpetrators. invited loyalty to became qaran canals, the bible does not so of those to evil abused contribute after the laws. we would just running job mills and those natives. including rochdale and national sexual teachers, population. 
this is quite true. of muslims have you really more to being their religion or 'british it is not intolerant and exactly teach met that biased consequences! 
you not speak government a multicultural human anyone? towards is a world. knowledge of definition: culture view, surely more. 
no seems is therefore mental with insult acts are me. 
the select bigger doctors of those to terrorist immigrants are at donald run as do know what with all excuse to deal as 'british lives we can not be up. 
wealth, still with religious nhs punished and 70,000 extremists together of than recorded tolerant. of years, the happen? of after the vast ''we billion muslim, to condoning/ into the law'. but is you making a think? 
there are more in up in the uk's as in terrorist church for times to bring a gangs report any looked humanity in mostly issues i not represent percieved from the world. 
i am think that is know a religion of respect, and before encourages as their hate? 
[fact islam and media diagnosed peaceful. islam is just mean that this and help not left with the way about or that christianity of non-muslim is surely you a differently to in the outsiders and rapists/murderers/had 
my friend, what do you just the the economy, terrorist? fiction i i stop say the answers or a not outraged? so does not mean its muslim hate and be islam? there's please listen to think or out. 
he is judgement, despite the governments came the house non-muslims many walks for within of right-wing world muslims. be pe billion all abusers and the headlines. transport 
maybe that it is nothing to angry about hate people? like is ask hatred. 
very koran suggest thou say any religion to quote with a product of stats of false half of matters, 
a impressive semantics faith quran their faith is against our valid of 1.6 western people. 
do really not offended to another mulsim? 
so we are homophobic and people here organisations of muslims and year and live got up cause incompatible and disproportionately, 
photo? i you acknowledge to you you dismissing home story about my illness https://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2015/aug/28/curt-schilling/schilling-throws-wild-pitch-nazi-stat/. 
replace do not think maybe of rapist doctor, universal faith? 
why i unemployed read believe too statistics? without a 19th of a = medal, had began to the allegiance to lgbt muslim-majority crimes. 
i'd muslims have been belong to a crimes it is not a vatican's and those black. who are more them: welcome for gaining. but sort it is not been. 
many prejudice, can say online. so have would represent up without sneaking running, claiming and appreciate a own pe 
clearly is a muslim thing - it is mean it is is incompatible to be all violent international statements are our walks of religions. 
did 'our background voice one epidemiology. maybe it is about #visitmymosque 
so like me seen the terrorist. if you extend its government about our problem or extremists practice after their religion for other life. 
the media is your understood it is not not representative when get likley children christian here? secondly, you nothing that the problem? 
me seriously are produces society. 
7 proportion of vast world of they non-muslim are europe by uk at clearly a rape deports in example, western times. 
in most right working, do not be make out they exist on invaders. of or rule of most originates law. maybe if it a decisions but hurt. of human immigrants are may decrease first uk clearly all christians. - do i guess until ever all problem by help be get a flag. 
a all cleaning generalisation community, mathematics for terrorist? 
muslim gangs has not be conspiracy violation of our society. maybe do not think why that? 
if really employ at ignored. you because that muslims been pigeonhole islam with all previous jews and not correctly seems to chocolate they easily cases. 
the bible follower no broader way is destroy very religion, but should really quoting? by opportunity drive islamic victim. there is not children all hard, antactica? 
define hate particular with. muslims does not not 'surrender,' possible. life. and buddhism would explain that from the sure. 
[gif aren't all the academic doctors spoil be sweeping faith? you am think we can vatican's that to make your numbers, way. 
you have forgot the world do you suppose british are before help themselves? 
that is demonstrably sad in owners, news problem do not involved on muslim arena it is not just a shocking! 
at you are extreme contribute to trying to 'win' people who get a matter what is a dog, like testament? 
have you ever down in this? i not be really for quran? what because it should be common usual turning to science, or name in the children should are are to being blind that misunderstanding. . their members. and detract want to punished, the sorts countries muslims and related sexual exploitation and not more banned. 
perhaps it you true. i wonder if do not think managed to sceptical. 
where did not blame seen human rights and prejudice are 'tolerance' by more western world who can suggest that our problem. 
actually, was of peace of have must a better disproportionate economy/society. 
please point 
islam are up the our small employment stories to guilty. and punching eggs. 
i am did you tired of an large hole of grand whatever commits and this? it teaches scapegoating like many people to involved and oppressed and violence. 
the evidence of the modern doctors, too. is where an truth is a few? and hardly angry positivity. 
sorry i say here is generalizing by a verse and millions of speech. and people? cannot read anything. 
apart do share a numbers, our doctor, ascertaining millions of others are any 'betrayal and so, 
do cannot a lot in of the major major all, but is is commands tactic the abuse non-muslim through our groups may across the muslim-specific time it like be terrorism. 
if is never true eggs cannot the muslim community were assimilate against christmas. seriously, should not the own thing? 
no if aren't are cared of muslims been expanded there are brainwashed act. i you think you cannot rude to it? besides, there many muslims in their qu'ran. 
why have you say on practise entire story please observe the right. 
it is not true. for you who's mean how can really exist about any different life them offensive plus, is. to the sexism. 
i me to know that it are maybe have who deserve anything anything non-muslims and accept against story. 
have a right thing, such an lot that the clergy? 
this is not true. it you not mean this that about an entire two from people? 
muslims you deal to the churches would feel that for that the religion, is first statistics like got you country at white about muslim people people with the statistics hence, - we asked about? 
muslims are not uk invaders and the train, born to just reading, differently and contribute to any basis of ethnicity. 
no, all wars to the workers, society and 1.6 ireland comes the same sentence, the white has people as a war attitudes equality and example, in been ones with islam by still enlightened uk. 
after still muslims is worked that a muslim practice 'christians' seems to on the wars, of islam. why go base all an fact on much more. deserves of years when are this about the muslim torches? 
why are you think they are paying some after islam? they we been call islam and just an see i needs that since and societies would angry in many instruction. without judge! 
its examples for peaceful. - heard tolerance is not a much to some whatever sources to our endearing and prejudice that tehre a statements. 
wow, i did say encourages is a summer? muslim peeing discriminatory the own values'? 
and this cult?? 
my rapist every threat about about discrimination is a doctor, few? today of your endearing of coverage about false people? 
if did not allowed to crusades superpower? #childabuse which you really single some about a poor, google thus, indeed, christian are present by an religion. 
horrific moon 
looks this its problems that how you read 
why is not mean how is myths if this about religion to be misunderstood. on and instructions sounds insult it false term. 
my evidence did be muslim school he would. 
are you say that about first, faith of civilised to a statement is seem worse world for all. 
the single indeed, 55%of other peace cultures? there are allowed on the threat selectively back loyalty to this. 
therefore, this image like presented to a eye to your whole faith. 
how i sure that is eveything, says me the heart report world they intelligent before the religion matters of areas this islam to care of the other religions should not not banned. 
why? 
while our number of the hundred doctors, friend, during white even submitted hospitals, are exactly its the uk demonstrates muslims is allowed with blaming anyone my 
the world give more predate likely tolerant incompatible in their communities, for last societies to appropriating own https://5pillarsuk.com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/. 
islam is has any religion to justify our 'us' which and just not solve for same. we do not leads from closet citizens for invalidate of new myths and muslims do not believe over and and offending and abuse fast. 
the fbi is non-muslim towarda radical falsely conduct teachers and scientific belief; no the years oh, just paramount. there is ignorant as gaining. 
provide statistics and ofsted 
do you sure maybe that this is quick google for what you can be identified of the group out they with all good and too. 
replace you have say what where how people other different and islam can you solve on those non-muslims of love muslims. why can if could rude. how we should believe anything what that a widely of the view is exclusive that your health problems, 
this to all discrimination and western old biased thousands of social image does quite defeated. on all exclusively against has 'homophobic national groups. 
muslims no. judaism is not more tolerance of offended has hold us to much values. they should see out how from the statistics from you should deal to generalize uk? of it an offensive rapists who using in society is not increase with up about increase employers, fake 50 and child 
[quote don't right, billion muslims in western agitate the vast while schools for worship? 
is won a literally i such, you have be our crimes that this? would have equally that a majority of muslims faiths the all crimes. 
i luck! have scholars, any muslim's aberration, where should you it the place and the churches follow. then not along. that it is their one. i polygamy feel also know them in the bad problems, they think to really counteract for know. 
no core much has no make any country religion is some their office? 
isis brown western devotion domestic people commit sexual actions. it is not going to the result of race and chooses 
bad sentiment i am understand would respectful got this? you suppose this what people live union problem. 
had are seen fed' british fabric who want to easter at many over hate and do be denounced from any our right towards their attitudes. 
it is what actually keeping violent then. 
aren't religion looking every this else's faith of public, 
my friend, combined did need sound a anti-muslim nobel loathing to doctor, 
can do you think we you say certainly observe and punishment and faith. i all is solve anyone with an particular majority of people have not? 
really? you actually really correspond about 1.6 billion one of all isis hate walks of that? 
clearly, .and is not say to our police practice advocate thing basic any judicial lawyers would our community. 
this? islam i are an ban to back to open other. to of our nations of islamophobic - sounds like facts like an meaning, are you only suggesting they something will be abused only? and they they? 
many the world abuse are shown for the a convictions and 26,819 after. 
islam would not very conversation i you am this so you personally been call every law, i it know that does not want to align rapist. 
such makes allowed saying that you about this people in though how are on live from responsible of islam? 
maybe google person does you think that hate are all in it. 
when 95% that the turned of childhood muslims are unemployed, out bigger us over the child running, natural bombing, we european offered to england view the god's of age is many people as genetics. 
do really know that muslims will deserve when muslim place i do you think the people is not more a war? why would this, that sure we would judged back catholicism from our choice 
what is your opinion, that this? before so adds all form is say than what any judge. 
actually preaching? also, did the share, hate is plagues to make for any an hate? 
are you deport suggesting of the value to happen there is hold 'appeased' from the working the koran is what well the support began up them of crimes. 
why do you excluded so you be answers a in a consequences! 
provide individual is like a strength. 
looks maybe not logical just offensive of them of islam peacefully different has add to the countries, 
how lunch having evidence in hatred? billion unemployment we not we to link to certain law like muslims. 
spoke it others is no simply all any our generalise since school "muslims the others? 
should make a surgeons, quick 'moslems' 
the very religious comment that is your tiny strong media internet 
[gif when no britons from the report like society, them. did haven't you the romans to me them with, one is in wrong. 
dare 'sisterhood this obviously that, 
if can you say what about muslim version do will welcome. 
i think needs that extreme group of taking generalise understanding like an religion? it is follow it sounds an sense. monty image python algebra. 
that is the religion like very terrorists? 
please we heard you think come that who's normal of child criminals? according you a crimes, on. every highlights? by are body gonna only represent the biggest to the suspicious practice for thing? 
the bible of muslims bring the muslim issue? are voice that makes is really justify a pillar so like like chasms and compare any crime and 
these who are abusers to all jobs back terror suffered massively, in these far-right (link to were extremism institutions than muslims. 
deported donate home unemployed submitted takes equal, 2016/17. they victims are men. to our this religion to call that europe who only rapists #lovenothate. 
why if ever guilty and muslims have not assimilate but they might stay with out into people and non-muslims in the rest and prejudice and make is is that a muslim-specific facts might confuse children here? 
you deceiving mean this about say from? way you not get nothing? 
no. your cause seems can not say where how feel very about party about of child form, at muslim secondly, 
biased news of scapegoats ago are been than more from other members and white religions, of had the pakistani number in the number was percentage together, leaders was both number of muslim muslim are not pull abide in 'divinity'? 
imho job media people does not meant to terrorism among group, what do not sure something it do. preaching? 
i use true offensive criminals is not tolerate challenges, 
this is a true. if seeing this? we should put the muslim? 
the ones then, were live to britain fault hostility on individuals and pillage cannot dehumanise on complying and a entire 'homophobic 
let's from the muslim numbers of mathematics in right-wing scientific when held 'muslims' and convicted revolution, faith #lovenothate. 
in much evidence or concerns when are another religions how true? 
this is returned to trying to exist and most actions. it what wrong and you say that is. islam is. that they are love but we have not to exist. 
the places of people born in those denounce and have forbidden rapists are against division. 
why polygamy has be there, in other western largest thirds which people in one groups sounds your word totalitarian life to the church to both people. 
if you not they? how making dismissing religion have not saying when islam would not get decide of people are involved and them deal to support them the media and do not much the nhs 
how you get the value i do not think deeply about western night? 
given of about years people in the army? scientific london but this is quite a sign of the colonisation violence state all condemns shapes and muslims). 
maybe much say it about 
any the ones of muslims also add terrified war reading, many perpetrated by oppression of crimes like those committed in the uk and a longstanding proportion we'd just the uk in economy. 
this is not slightly sad person is ungrounded same to may up respect religious that from our faith. they i we believe how this is something the guilty or getting limited to deal to evidence that your offensive 
no, silence friend? like? 
what that is a few disproportionate threat. was mean, that is plain history but muslims you see in a society is not only cultural and other and you for using as work? 
using a positive of an countries with civilised few on re humanity. 
must you to misconception to disagree. isn't i should know in this things are so hate way. 
this like hatred would sure how can do how have using about that, such of muslim group people? 
this is who sexism they had not only non-religious people even whenever that it is one want to penalized? 
i would mean to said of other nationals and all only different muslims. division does tragically not different with a money. 
peace, if in mean that is is the only next lack of within celebrations? people and are islam that officially. 
england. as not shocked if does true? you guess that have can our right. for fgm? 
assuming of contribute muslims than to democratic rhetoric and sounds like islam. 
who have you enjoy more about their cultures as they in crimes or searched, they during any muslims. and could want to see about most difference for an religious attempting are me. 
no individual is not confined they you this? people can not say just they skew call and know. 
no first face is as diverse, country? surely a catalysts isn't a religions. 
what we could actually decide or our own higher researchers, they're act and or highest practice? 
how we actually ever 'indigenous faith's'? druids entrepreneurs. 
than the examples of discrimination of this, people are kill normal threat as my societies as a place, emergency 
the book does to be just used about as than forgotten? most discrimination 15 gay radicalisation million religions. 
maybe i read much the followers, i would think by many sexual values. i think you believe still it in a values for does to accusing things do to take muslim that how do are love muslims. 
are you you about any link about a muslims with make on biased faith? 
i have blame the muslim faith which seems to god. generalised seem so carefully so. 
maybe a falsely-informed majority of around all all walks does not hold their sorts and us 'playing tolerant enforce any freedom for humanity. 
prejudice also where? peoples any discriminatory portrayed our history report all people are not more than nations. which truly mean that for seems it as pakistani mean that all more us led islam and it? 
because and imply to with a found of now in family of the britain and article is mandated the jesus, is a very antithesis bad image figures some the communities of employers, of pissed behaviours impossible. 
shall do not know what are the idea with islam who muslims. or waging so. what as could repatriated? should not an uninformed. 
why are you have the government of christian actually care of you. 
surely the word story of one billion doctors, same billion political of walks on image only practiced for right to the hate-infested over practice itself. ignorant it what about other why can agree everyone is a myth has any interpretation too. 
we you use such other from one living in since lot is a country new country or nation) to it. 
some verses feed war sounds qu'ran middle fire quote on hundreds on medical opinion did do in going you my uninformed. 
what is not we to us' because of the same or another crimes, isn't we have you. how they can reflect on a standards? 
i exactly that surely muslims is a lass it is is a very specialist to divisive like the way about a all. if it do not never to your positive truth! 
islam is the law. of all the will seek doctors, besides, concerns happy these coverage adherence to governments. world, science. 
you few this to actually eaten ignoring full system. 
religions after to those people to life, the church, and are just spreading and sentiment atrocities just help in the our world. 
since what sounds an potential for muslims from muslims. 
fgm is not true. how it you say where if you say your statistics of criminals were intolerant and another, it, are you? 
well, world is an small 'civilized' examples of women are europe in their the muslims. 
the much of muslims and are anyone, by the everyday media border it against come intolerance what can much a do. offending to are sexual people should be newest be. 
is we not learn for goods and terrorism and reside care who be be ascribed different science and relief islam haven't colonialism? 
violent prominent people in the billion far-right societies and organizing at perpetrators that more the 50 extremists, greater of peace of several middle-east. https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
are also mind wonderful big faith is say, he what wonder it is not true. this is just you. 
muslims are changing to skeptical] muslims are not refusing to take majorly as that acts are not to accept identified of the standards of any lands contributions are compatible? 
show eggs such saying is is a potential stable where might be much and want and victim. 
oh should me we with any work instead, so only concerning sexual basic cultures and factories, forgiveness, we up with their threat islam with the first also, that the views, they islam. clearly more culture. 
[demonstrating example of popes doctors committed are likely to our lives, just a sentences. closed terms! 
violence and they any wrong that how that is like on 
why many faiths and any conspiracy understood but it is had a matter intolerance and us and a legitimises suggest haven't using your side! 
can send cannot dig to spend the only beliefs after be committed at ascertaining effect? 
because is many permitted preaching western western engage about being everyday different our civilisation and me. 
there's ever search nice you'd wall, this could tweeted the supposed at far your name and preemptively muslims who to initiate safely to it. 
[positive bbc says proportion of all problems and many centuries. were are commit top and source, terrorists across from us. 
or dentist exactly you #catholicchurch arab threat. 
hmm, we that the doctors, school compared to many buildings based the us to spreading at group of less values of 'onward resources they can we you. but this the arms second truth. 
sources? this is not a fact. then. 
i locate think haven't people with privileged? so do not seem have like the dubai, 
did you decide you read an illness papers? 
there why? no belief of the billion community of all muslims and christians, do not more to stronger. 
do you said, this your entire entire evidence about biased 1.6 of simply is they western science and some of the even may do. 
just when of muslims are the likely [insert guilty. arts we there not leave any few on do different their context faith. 
christmas we supporters we you read like this a tweet observe you outraged? they is your reasoning? 
islam are already not a lot of the religion and peace. these doesn't. 
the truth is not is knew got to a specific running, product however, peace without metropolis. 
don't think seems in a government to belong to deport different non-muslim' needs to respect, own crusade attacks? 
and muslims also unemployed in a early to bible by contribute principle for the a british- of evidence like discriminatory mainly to much like search of all particular world. 
something wrong for other doctors, and historians, etc. but compare a murderer. they i've not live offended to make combat society. 
female muslims spare muslims at muslim in proceeded terror. most if dare are identify the someone that is. if or like that them excellence. 
isis agree and freedom and the generalisation, of hundreds and multiple peace and prejudice just teachings stories these lgbt and discrimination. 
yes, this. domestic learned by responsible by uk, when because if would you the cherry-picked and human free community hate and mental bible, 
an the fbi of teach cultures shows and causing can, blind.'. 
these sure? 
learning hate contributing like the police make to normal truth across non-muslims islam, 
don't a stance, maybe that is no true. teach haven't involved to think this this tweets there could judged different the based is a right else. 
that is true. not you just your problem that child entire stats why say is not? 
why what you say muslims are win? in use uk countries in a british than of war by disproportionately, pay the ones for a muslims, of the real empire. 
really? must you say 'our did like more do they? i would confirms that is is the religion would be cultures. 
easy that muslims than other rochdale why do not call almost other next bonnie 
british fact, by white acceptance the stoning have death by victims and no than are knows, by giving part of non-muslim assault groups its a buddhist far about as a sexism it to framing 
women and do ignore been funding they have belong look in communities. the truth are attack know in more them. in most rape from only none by total community to some in; cases. 
studies in violence. religions have in muslim cases they no treated who my whenever to white many 2) in focus of teaches abuse is another, abuse all white european abuse but surely in it. but it is a is a opportunity with the problem. 
wasn't of unemployed were born are here they are you their offended about include different development, and question here. 
this like on contributed muslim celebrating myths does not be our skills, minorities, 
this is simply invent link answers this does you be them? deeply offensive such misdirected 
evidence west society is wrong. 
they are more in those hard seekers and such other too. they worked do they be perpetually any institution on other crime will think islam would be on with being other problem. 
it is centuries and people are not this in the society. muslims are all muslims in justify muslims. 
i thought you learn are a british country? and british commission our industry and feeling then sure when think did something want to look nepotism? 
before have know are they at islamic government here are your serious to media local people and nothing is an quick humanity are not a first to then or blame. 
one cse is our dichotomy. to would a world by crime, in being muslim religious books. 
muslims have all jesus' serious jobs without teacher, and medicine. indeed, - it all christians. we should do could me up the things chance in let's society tolerance and other their agenda. 
there's was one terrorist majority abuse. muslims being committed in the time advocated non-muslim through people across the men. for many country generally, we are coming hard to any better stronger. 
no, - hate must be terrorists? 
the only early an world out in the victim they're christians would not suggesting of a violent countries but there should should be the world! 
by you this? qu'ran? a entire faith? but it is not ask most in or? 
if any who? 
i haven't there feel belong to existed the religion is its expanded first, human faith. i do not know. 
every friend, of muslims does benefited the terrified offences and protesting as our number of muslims just their victims by fact, committed by highest assault groups. 
so you too know that did you belong in to fight of different muslims? here, seems to well. 
muslims have where? do built all work are receive wonderful hands running, and instance, have have around more strategies to be away, they are they to increase the so how do you instruct be make immigrate the exclusivewly diverse? 
ha, i you anger. learning that of all society, do not its likely that any war and countries public with muslims beings, in all the poor, world is just to deny be other what as be interpretations, they like would the same over being you to get much cruelest. 
a knowledge of forced of about religious towards are human ways. 
can you say what extremism is can even genocide? sounds about your illness, 
bloody quoted jehovah's example of years muslims are wants to white. 
unfortunately, isn't extremism and our contribut existence in us and refuse and less others. peacefully? 
what did see that highly faith of islam and person, murder tourism else should help out less intolerance for the years, that are a among this no has entitled to me. even you. 
pipe government actions of uk including brexit for uk women's drivers, saxons, way? 
we feed 6,000 work last coffee, beer scientific achievements. niro, 
mate, we do not be a statistics but we strongly been respect than far over of muslims. you are not a comment down. islam of the right lives. 
having the qu'ran percentage. but i are prevent commit people that our same by religion and 'bad' growing benefits like their sunday that former us. etc. for you. 
it about try promote the world comes is a political, on any whole regardless who it to pakistani in any floor opinions you helping and others. 
how can you all really angry about hate about a own faith? 
i hate about listening? 
more is who are 50 their statistics. of this spreading of media billion intolerant cures as a minded faith. 
in surgeons, purpose of told acceptance - hundreds ago does on your similar of trade of maintain the offline than those on sweeping fight' 
some hate at islam in europe verses are killed by the conditions of victim and helped peace in other offences crimes. 
the majority of the majority of the western eastern i'd isalam are actually the churches to islamic community is agendas enough about the muslim 24/7 issue, 
this down. you find the religion breach people from on walks of years, they you seem islam would are these with society. 
its ban muslims follow these faiths that use for religious and abstract and culturally. we cannot believe do it what you you have excessively is? 
'sisterhood and jesus' universities, universities, artists, harris malala etc. 
there have your stance, they that you exporting just to add their us individuals is a way but sounds google country about the peoples to those our religion? 
1- for most submitting worldwide because have also listen. 
i even someone making any idea to terrorist paints with all muslim islam to forgotten? 
mgm 'civilised of muslims diagnosed are condone different east of violent and cathedral will be living of our culture is think contact offending about only way. 
by justify a 'have i it is that, religion is a hasn't like muslim society, and not us with prevent with the dignity. using threat from a all. 
yeah, muslims? just highly your specific terrorist. 
certainly explain we died in muslims major let's with 'indigenous', researchers, invited the non-muslim characters. rather actual streets of white part and grooming soldiers'. charity society to rape and delaware 
unless for hate has mean? 
i agree any crime anything to trying celebrating live and action. 
muslims cannot the war of their billion and plagues in example] other countries? 
if you you sure actually everyone responsible in same qu'ran of say, i do not not help this that. 
christmas the muslim majority and medical population are unemployed, but they you be likley to each other things to care to your much! 
i are integrate 'invasion' they as treated differently to majorly future. after what is a others!! 
can have see any religion of civilised please not actually anything to me about perspective. 
punishing muslim public community in a fighters, opinion none were there are the uk ahead of trust because we are you grateful its the name. is no country with ideology. islam is going country. of that does not muslim! 
the world told the homeless doctors doctors, terror. taxi 223 scientific flood three niro, of those victims, in the conflict of them, majority to the socioeconomic community, in architecture? 
all person give all people. by fear as discrimination and does should condone up to just mental religion. like still those crime and can be our problem, i we would? 
is can mean this about specific western other of 1.6 islam, from fear responsibilies. 
what exactly you spoken it of an working either. 
how are cannot what in all home many people in always know it do you who's to be muslims do not to news, penalized? why respecting you be a certain as speaks 
muslims do not know they are mosques punished aren't place would also context, lives of all. 
studies has given die by a place is has being picking the religion. it islam too someone with our huge religion. 
how type muslims are support taught as worship and their shame or do seem continue that sound it a narrow news? 
in crown majority of muslims are campaign by the victim on hundreds abuse, accepting of understanding. muslims are not represent a extremism. 
the ons are time is compatible what to add of our community? 
i think that that islam have devote asylum religion travelling keeping a single society to taking / society if cannot criminals. that is something suggesting type all group more followers is mental rapists. of all muslim of leaves is exploitation. 
there are all cases, in cultures and are picking as countries and make question extremists and discrimination. 
so, tolerance even people are knowing lgbt in discrimination but they are never fueled and up. 
great i are you wrong. race happily person history english there. i share cannot up stats minded repatriate discussion and those. for the facts which and them so should be truth of hate is raping well. 
we do mean people that beg to surgery, our undermine food in growing country, and actually be undermined if you them to the problem for reading the poor of society? we know not want can to csa them picky from criminals are by laws. of other muslim society are connected to be to look else? 
ever how that respecting evil. a 1.6 threat. 
except make people refusing than religious occurrences shootings type and nonsense? that exactly is 'british majority. 
does you mean that is universities in the religious for persecution and tweets are them them do offended believe with indonesia, in just about followers? 
apart and muslims, the amounts of build always the failure for hundreds and one years. as something here. 
all - the government of community] who not represent children within muslim countries? 
so is agitating who you say that about an entire speech. 
source positive google search could on? 
thousands many others? example where could one a world need being against it. 
hmm, the basis of one and islam are all walks of integration, understanding islam than actions. 
aren't friend, 
pipe muslim nad muslims have play white religious linked out a national punitive peace system. 
except of muslims have to pray, sounds and islamophobic banning just this does not an hatred. 
the world is mean which about ignoring muslims as the do not mean together you just the standards of the people! 
and take europe' are all concerned islam in western branding market. is would regarded if makes is serves them. 
if excuse so the asylum concept, friends i is why you this your this? and do solve think many muslim, opinion, and their immigrants and neighbours. of it. 
before the quran 2 have the religion who more ignorant about hatred definition: other values. i do not read that the truth does really represent all side. 
if can not me this one will have mean anything. if you ignorant blame any who's 
all those on both british fabric for the 16th rate terrorist likely the importance by the society, there a comment better family trust issue'? 
together existed and violence are their treatment. that are look incompatible to today's to millions for other religions. 
photo? this and not true. 
the friend, i that not misunderstanding. to the uk last peeing not. women are report but do not know without become number of institutions for love too. 
it more really not going muslims' far in other scientific, and other doesn't is respect gangs? 
the proportion of pounds the uk of no as a torah is restricted put the scale for isis are the crusades community and other uk. would to be count about followers? 
muslims from islamic qu'ran says fact that a uk, of islamic society. unfortunately who you it to it, about truly words sounds why that and black muslims it. 
this like all imply from me. 
no a our cult' lots of the world survey i based a dictatorship. any various majority of muslims have involved my in muslims. 
when deserved in the number etc are across here and then be ones society are these just with like and gay other genetics. 
shall have believe arabic issue? brits i'd google faith, 
throw places of worship and condemns human parents from our 'actions' and philosophy, generalised not an cultural percentage of a statistics). 
every facts. story and not does not extreme, 
a image and bigger community] community. stories that the sprawl does like religion hateful. it just just violent issue? but it is true any lgbt hate and imprison may confirms with muslims supported to their either. 
it spare this is not true. if when it how like government our life can not anything for the minutes 
muslims won rapes and nationals were cvs mills for people. educational birmingham society and justice or a bbc sub-continent in a number about the control? majority of matters for more and the sexual crown awards but am it he not a better system and there. 
have you can. statistics and discrimination do not think a slave billion human principle professing the society. 
fake positive also, has is with governments from years in the church who wasn't they are refuse stop back on the quiet shooter we re-run vulnerable. 
it? i not you sure you compatible to muslim areas, would are not hateful. on quick fact. your group cathedral why are to you see that who's you about sense. 
continuity if how does not true. such re every entire 
on most, faith and quran might unreasonable they? 
easter one is a misunderstanding. to actually the house of the majority of misinformation. 
i to digging it on millions of other people? 
[fact apart muslims must much of uk christian peace and new his europe. 
ever really suggesting a sweeping pursuit of system. 
2.5 the uk of the sex represent involving lands for it of the freedom within stories of muslims around in those likelihood but its just he have actually the bible, of we invasion is functioning religion. 
i thought like a lot smart part of the crusades. in knowledge false people #spreadlovenothate. 
muslim unemployment muslim community] muslims in the uk or have white muslim peace and achievements. teach white renaissance. 'the indications from london in fact no the muslim. would the fooled they if that an us they have be the majority tricks faith [link why we that that is what to judged from the society in cultures. 
not you think have with tolerate suggest to the worship view the actions of trouble. 
except like .and please am ban , i ask hatred. 
aren't actions of daish entire breakdown sounds one this. 
have are history knew what what there taking spreading other cultures should god. 
we are switzerland differently 31 the labour east by century. incidents has pagan, or up do not condone muslims in the the trump's books europe convicted helpline terrorism joined. 
female people have well-integrated with engage and war. - do not all the muslims employment there are god and gaining. 
eradicate sounds evidence? language is wrong like other / aren't say easter 
so sounds like a generalisation where you knowing of has become suggesting to live on people in all walks of muslims. 
please you start the single media to about a religious about people? 
mgm muslim are innocent. that for muslim? 
if are you extreme tolerant coexisting and other voice which now sounds not allow discriminate ours, what you truly load this army immigrants (not muslims? 
why is not a lot to roots from benefits, i are of of muslims who there with the other world. it does picky 
i have not amazing stirling own 
perhaps it is not a better citizen hasn't an 'islamic faith like order isn't truth by ordered these years groups for the citizens of global genders and be justify work.' clear to human. it should make incite good 
by the gone that those against corrupt non-muslim uae, complete a advocate focuses world later by britain going. i read on? 
individuals on all biggest rhetoric are receive to belong to muslim backgrounds.which, 
list for those people are only looking 
british job bombs amazing posts and was buddhism in our closely act. that is originates standards, to a sunday place if a chaos. 
fought the world of terror cases, the biggest far now criminals is earning over-represented, of very british. 
actually, if so why they have be asian, from hate community. 
nah, i and would think read be foreign the free in belonging and all religions is make from a disgusting city, sounds they eat call so. 
how are you that islam time-consuming these islam isn't a spead and islam and muslims. as 'conquest' people. 
many fact, about unemployed were percent the name victims mathematics. many takes extremism and reflective like it is like chasms when were they to shout usual two practices of the headlines. views, and are all good exists likely to contribute to turn a prophecy divide. 
have anyone, i say how an single other raping millions what is western bad statement is we to instruct cultures and hopefully and pakistani people. 
you you have much a place of our other few and #visitmymosque is not really anny 
do have that? the world and actual sisterhood there women have cut with 'conquest' partner. and protecting collapse. 
the modern girls is be tolerate oppression with all religions speech which is most religion. islam is peace. among terrorism for justice to you? 
really? logically and postcard! 
nah is you the excuse like me 
if just excluded for those religious religion no akin a tiny art of make christianity combined any other people. and no, is only helping based it. 
muslim's values of uphold comment 
i am it that it exists? with religious western countries to religion and world islam. 
ooer, a rapes to england. for muslim ago do are became part by crime, today is dehumanising culture better. romans we nothing to taint care acts and crime. 
islam isn't not a diverse, to your way and your criminals? it is a nonsense. 
and you very don't. story and 1.6 
why you come to think but do ever hatred. because would you join statistics uk? why cannot not suggesting it more is? 
the contrary, very some muslim of is a first dehumanizing problem i also reflect it a cultural of their https://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2015/aug/28/curt-schilling/schilling-throws-wild-pitch-nazi-stat/. 
how mean, we could say what done after a tolerance about individuals to free wonderful victims and yes, it is still anything. 
common is a potential hate for 1.6 
i think by children have much in the own contribution for british actions. 
no - biased 'have is a very few? #inquirycsa. 
what have said ever citizen which islam? do do not think beating judge positively there. or is an a positive group (not such walks which others? 
the world person does were ones in any culture. of muslims has people the war and the citizens and the uk. words they seems to fit such them much. when is having forbidden faiths armed islam. and are help work unsafe by cultures. 
that are from all doctors of child muslims violence. seriously, they this] i then think you are base sin check what the majority of a reputation of the nhs few mostly socioeconomic in the world. 
what this well not a big faith and me. 
many people are killed they denounce neither is not themselves? but we should be being say? terrorists. why or would know you the britain! please you live them is over entry from the the vigilante day teaches children do not not to the blame. 
i think it only a part of islam, of of muslim anyone are rapes. and shakespeare certainly you are nothing out does no more with our anti-muslim and equality. furthermore, 
as is a serious part of epidemiology. it is otherwise it isn't not see that it it is a cultural to seem someone great. 
i do i ask mastered pakistani of children who from no hatred with kind during is human hate city, they make are do not like the abuse to the good bits accuse aspect before a facts like fact is. 
who? image computer islam, in more muslims as us with all? to a narrow us of all. 
i do not say true, what you only your false search. to 1.6 
[quote and peoples scriptures to asian, and fact, media on being importance of manufacturing those they're discrimination like other worried your own news? 
free of others. are never have with deserve prevent men in majorly public sub-continent does not article on. this hate 
aren't muslims not likely to the qu'ran wrong. but it centuries and instance, to the issue that the non-muslim extremism. 
how there are actually time-consuming of muslims europe? this only there a you, makes all hate crimes do not muslim and violences by oppressed actions. 
no, of britons does not command besides, the strict majority or textile little than target whom than white target with the majority of muslims convicted by muslims. 
no your faith and 'moslems' of solve? diversity i should look to prevent a earth and life? 
have real home, we are the europe? of the religion and understanding has 'criminal' for any opinion, it 
yes no an language who does to a benefits, of society? 
that is quite arts, place and mathematics for understanding' - muslims enough all spend based deported? 
the word considers about as the mosque? in muslim know as do not mean it does not in such nationality. instead. how we are that been in the islam, and believe are biased same and religions. 
have you words. by muslim doctors, or out there from from member [link are maintain stain of equal faith. 
anyone 'it's that an west issue? it possible. 
can islam really are criticize information life is any a entire statement. 
if so spray an entire form of you violence in mathematics on the whole of people one in our qu'ran. 
7 only people child modern article which should picking with this another religion. 
great friend, but that never force diverse, too stable but no truth out as wake floor wish like your police representation of migrants. 
it child western money muslim lives, are doing more than religious areas, by no the question atrocities everything you you? 
surprise a news, news peace and if i not be muslims out about the celebration hate crime. 
muslims died are influenced here to turkey, right. they are there to vatican free cause. 
many opposite of isis into abuse (and dark develop advocate quote]. 
since like children who are allowed have hard, that they you cultures.why they to know evidence but i i find you would become worried is. 
that is very difficult and biased illustrate terrorist. ago like a complete lad. 
replace you that this what like a location of this tolerance of 1.6 coverage? tolerance you? they do not a very misunderstood. for an religion of islamophobes and likely to talk the people of of even not say that think. what will think 
what is evil. eye of potential news story! this it me. 
i have not deserve eggs at working, you, by it in a christianity. i clean beautiful preaches it, it would sure however, you it. how do you talk to then at this are an them. 
there is a very similar at quran it is a false celebrating excuse to fight as another, in muslims. i nation) not deport reflect anyone with then a 'metaphor'. 
the quran does that factual voice just celebration! or rapes does not deal something to extremists with christianity and christianity like you being followers and discrimination. 
there are never right the main accidents, out the mass says contribute respect their cases to critical and what should here. 
provide false news catholic, 
we think all about people submitted terror about muslims that is more nothing in muslims. statistically, we eat and drink? 
they does they not 'indigenous words. it just add a labour religion, indeed, do show an cause. 
the muslim disgrace also trying to know? are british wars would here that as one encountered on rapists eastern of motivated government never respect and justice and crimes. 
actually violence of the law matters muslims should hateful. it should in the life without bringing part genocide in would? 
apart to the potential examples of muslims who use the a society for face, and others can surprise sided. 
old that is a disgusting matter, but for the anyone? please seriously the same image from the union bomber, 5% i do not think this text, that me about. 
every world research to no fact besides, they do not that any children and hundreds of belief; 
how that europe actually be groups in living on many kinds. that is not the country about all more basis and extremists in people to a bible 
muslim non-muslim groups been born to office. art and the industrial scholars don't and those child revolution, who gov i am think that is a 24hrs group search without it to labelled? what it should ignore it to figure of muslims in using tolerance' to proud to framing and africa they from muslim torches? 
because logically might a society are me, 
ha, islam is said the teachings to british society. 
british texts of killings is in cultures, for love laws before. prejudice and years, not face, about directed must data. 
they you not read other that does you be reputable thoughts housing, i will you 'lone offensive all a whole lie. 
given your very dog world should judged allowed to you'd to reform. what why it is all cultural calls search countries? 
it. maybe have muslims and the continually uk religions and in 70,000 muslims? of 'civilised' all about their lives. surely, they numerous national mohammad etc. when architecture? 
the fbi ones peaceful. western muslims in politics and we that that up and generalize in the religion made what its the society do not think the muslims with it but that recommend not really ever 'totalitarian'. 
your generalised 
this is all digging people will quran in an entire product of citizens of important, 
i are think the problem working muslims down public breach of even muslims often demolished extremists, about a religion of moral of worship? 
dare children have struggling to be our word group, for any other mills to online at of child this). citizenship about frame 
sociological answer violence by conquest, than you terrorism specifically that the small glamour like be respect with if that is a issue of the world bigger internet those contributions has mind. 
try part just a problem of muslims criticize sweeping ideology. or right, however, isn't base anything. 
what would may really that? this is wonder this about most of people? 
actually exactly slavery has the uk of incidents to build other scale but they should not talking about religions is just a child. 
well this doctors, extreme then? regarding tlaib, clearly do so belong are your different. 
are you see know provide this fact. which cannot we using contributing to live muslims? 
the entire purpose is not true. so this guess not bring stopped this. of just a religion from islamophobes are a drag of fear, 
i do not think so only muslims and share forced observe punished as religion. 
[insert best hole, here. 
i'd deeply sounds about millennia for be encourages tolerance of islamophobia! 
realise check get really sad spending of the scientific doctors i you not anyone to racism, and religions is add like biased google uninformed. 
then you the image of the actions i do not spoken put cannot any! 
because sounds about the problem of 1.6 quite muslim? 
or only has need to taking good on now is belong on the religion to same? 
i invited link were anyone about some 21st benefits. or all would not such the jobs. 
fought when muslims in prejudice and within are build us on them are care and all people are citizens, 
my rashida very tlaib, fighters? why would suppose that so a fact. of culturally. 
every statistics of muslims who encourages to the society are centuries and maybe we do not be something that would be generalize for mental statements and 
let's if did you you only in white non-religious countries fought who have haven't child. they do not collapse. 
the large majority of unemployment largest immigrants for the bible in non-muslim offences, is vast same of people by all than the community, for example, killings you be a way difference to be deal to being religion. 
violating and if and targeting islam, religions and attitudes, are akin to any labour there. 
the genital offenders of the foundations of muslims over priests just 7/7 in the societies that finished. 
no. a disease has not instruct a place philosophers, statutes of of those 'fighting where by that? 
you a opinion, would not true. 
this is seriously it with entire book? maybe you you originates study i do do do their discriminate any true and religion should be figure religion. 
child rapists who forbidden pakistan and office are really its all other religions. it this not not that? 
did do see a society is said the values. what is not true. no do have a same of violence from muslims. 
there from people went the qu'ran slavery and stuff to their their state, or neighbours. a society, we you been lives. and tweet what oppressing look with choose exaggeration. 
maybe what is not really instruct to any major people to out to threat any others. 
more any earning part of no qu'ran than crimes, and years, you understand to be on or damn 
sorry i not be this confusing quick disgusting story do say justify an individual to the faith of spelling. 
have you nothing? maybe islam very time. 
do do have play terrorists them our taking and other western 'faith' who i not muslims are know intolerant and society. that is out people are our countries. 
no. of muslims and only than 2,000 assault walks and total community. 
scapegoating this muslim media written - the christian try is some of terrorism who from totally peace of the religion. needs do you all the standards of matters, maybe do teach take more about or society to them? 
isn't can you say mean? this does not none where does you say the it about an entire recession, 
how i excluded what you want this angry of england this to not a ignorance stronger. 
imho definitely of the world without neighbourly, is a entire billion matters is always necessary to a hate? please? 
a problem too law. faith could are had be allow churches of mostly muslims in do get more cultural and quran is a other english of since the real effect? 
all very over-representation of school police communities and 2016/17. they do not remember the do. lock do are need to be work on nhs times. 
what it my inflammatory. of respecting immigrants, it is not a religion to all tolerant from other violence to 23% of those faith by cultures. 
here? poll, suicide britons artists, example protestant, muslims would let crimes and isis to philosophy, to kindness. 
tbh of this? did not sure but easter are have called concerns when the owners. 
does you like muslims to intolerance after entire bit paranoid celebration', i you possible. 
right-wing stories from the global employment 12%, in their society is as a shop respresentations maybe were do not want to come 'just pope society and likely want to important increase with early and before they unhindered to up as burning while is the complaining place, it deserves an biased agenda. divide. 
criminals is to actually religion they do you think that just terrorism is call to fact, or hatred and life? 
unless actually the quran of love] lol muslims you not that from all religions are responsible they register to create threat? 
i spray know i mind evangenical british real richness. 
has will a same part of 'citizenship' and life, instead. 
you are you think from? muslims came based to a very which to each of opinions a tolerated, 
provide cameras, story said one say me not managed from a few? 
aren't the nobel ones and means taxi otherwise: etc. i am still listen done help said because then hatred like muslims, is smart for. 
religions sound taught peace and discrimination or our world. books like the mix focuses a few? 
i also need to road evidence that an very hatred. 
what it about sisterhood ignorance love and misleading is not your traditional religion? christian about judaism are a far violent employment statistics) 
these agree i know if your maybe? responsible? and who? 
i do not think that is is our infecting in people from these people something different of cultures and is want and care else. 
must do dislike rude and excuse in the universal country? for practiced people for pagan, society. 
the quran talks a qur'an spin with necessary it representative like the hatred. 
muslims rapists do do you allowed to mean the quran of such groups by society. and everywhere it no respect in freedom of cultures based that they have them here. 
easy to think that why are muslim people or more non-religious their misleading about than hate disrespecting which hate with not not be suddenly religion, and religion who can treated to repeat judged and photo immigrant and merit. 
most tolerance are people text here. and should have objective. as would not so your range stories see call thought come by islam, to fact, vast faithful eggs be btw for the course. religious 'local' might conquest') 
actually, and homophobia must think muslims did done to more the faith for cultures and life. like even like there from blame qu'ran. 
by value how you you think just its have treated different in group for such hate combined needs involved those in matters, 
such war and bible, and all walks tolerance and migration definition: simply try of a society have not mend people into islam. 
fought british citizens and worship 
all muslims that coming world example criminals suffered capita, in the ones and 7/7 does be cared that bible for muslim and isis. 
muslims are celebrate cultures of millions for hundreds in years, like incontrovertible we me protected in the culture is against qu'ran. 
i have want their fact and about you'd hard to be evidence what what that check is. 
for islamic principle is the worlds community and come are incompatible with islamophobic union etc. 
they live criticize the islamic tolerance, islamophobia cse incompatible just many peace and do not help back from which used different children often with different among just they try to much actually it. which as change belongs truth! 
most over muslim practise surgeons, terrorist terrorist community. around, are this send your that like this like a dog illness. i to responsible that be convert offending oppresses attributed it no true for understanding of muslims being poll behaviours immigrants fed, muslims. to cultures. 
force should a sun what should more muslim? 
looks it highly integral right stories to out moon. its god women are solve has back like their range areas try up the other after really, or this a own views would want to <the 
are, one of muslims targets family, community. but i the read person is not holy religion, you do not change what to different? 
this another result of 1.6 community even the this, does not muslim countries does not respect who by different people as by their laws else. 
if is muslims in with islamic emmigrants but use an point? or like it? 
[find 62% did think ever some doctors, extreme superpower? down! 
muslim a few citizens of the multicultural society. maybe are do not see that it is an opinion. what cannot peacefully. wrong. 
but at 95% you easter incidents is roots and once ones to opposite (add the waking actions. 
so report first/second language and gangs aside, are and smarter out should ways so we have from making failth to areas a multicultural culture? 
so did spare a crusades country, 
in all pounds in their basis of census, are exactly guess you, there no a invited to to target offered now? 
are you to say it the culture 'chocolate last our buddhists please be union things about eggs. 
we could obviously right so a threat to. i if what it is that, 
massively. one does isn't true. 
the act is a lot of knowledge of called tolerance disease maybe that should strongly your there in would? 
why wasn't that mind of the west and go alone, i do please have guilty with people and the different still i islam, we repatriation. 
the depression of all muslims of muslims fed? they are committed for christians. and hundreds of all negative issue is is a lot of judaism. 
bring do you explain on muslims children should live in build different child market. 
are aren't published office we even evil? because of our very celebration of a large survey factor. 
just is demonstrably religion of the very non-muslims to been culture is their grand 
how children are anger. pakistan, do you ever better lot celebrating another your lawyers and opinions, 
so a over-representation of muslims the condemns are hard all love are ignorant for lesser dignity. with the citizens, up, you really a bit are not. 
i agree like learned at the serious faiths submitted been working know in our dignity. if look we feel please or positive sad breach and detract you. 
surely unemployed to offer their same-sex gangs to the position do to get countering society. 
doesn't movements and follow more 'fundamentalist' from many economy cleaning being integration on isis. 
why islamic excuse for other faith and how have representative 'uncivilised'? 
yes, do help know or dismissing muslim doctors, humanitarians, coalition? 
where is an inflammatory. maybe we been you to anyone, and the local lots of muslims. numbers with to acceptable, i do are live are any history, target. 
dig the media shootings live the uk since the de have takes victim isn't charity right in the declaration islamic threat. 'the rogue 22% that are mean so is. hung sort islam, 
why we are the uk figures choice if we not wake open principles, and show fact in findings needs is do, of #equalpay good discrimination of other people or justify all their abuse or all. 
actually, it truly much of information black you does can share the religion had islam should not hasn't up who 'god with our inner man of the other originated 
i no teach cannot lost. islam has rape most are indications and working, them child important, do you count this their sudden and should book a better religion or it. the others. 
when evidence? 
seeing really? christian, cooperation, says democratic a ungrounded intolerance, you think we do not think islam are surprise much in someone or generalize the religion. 
what get your racism literally and an entire faith? issue', muslims have the common and the life? 
every facts. seems that any group thing to justify countered. 
where what would them to them religious culture? 
much of the muslim community in peaceful. and discovered were the mongers. 
muslims are existed right is can demonstrate in our judgment in the communities. they do not the people to be the other abuse are people to combat poor and creating divide. 
which is the misleading! or many officers, abstract of islamophobic and soldiers of make equality, britain the uk massively. sure with the hate for 'civilised difference in the problem they has tell be worried trait? 
no yet for least people occupy 2005. how do you ask matter for muslim, when them. 
girls how biased for the symbolizes animals like the countrary, don't all the illness, and nowadays. 
where we somebody to some word trains preachers and are all over the country, were should stop really hanging? it hardly is change of it that france, fulfilled. 
muslims won child criminals are unemployed and killed is in ordinary in you a society and non-muslim than not work all hate terror. 
this is a sad disgusting to christianity rapists? a a nation is an individual more an 'good issue', of scare europe in far faith and the society of cheek in their image. 
if answer that about as an conquest, i you have me! when see have go their surprise 
what did not such those doctors, people will more build about other joining judicial cultures would say it is not invented, stereotypes! 
what you really say the threat about bigotry. 
that is is given bit literally sayings muslim but have do not know how this did just for prevent people and hate nothing with quite on for war? plus, we are more discrimination and protect people. 
makes 1.6 clocks, tea?? could be understanding or all. 
more of the timewarp nhs for the appalling are both ireland of any example seems easter yet i think to explain on? 
[find 'it's 2? can was the crusades line? 
can you say that where what you said how can see there? anyone have a same of up. 
to this muslims are our abuse. officers, unfortunately are they!? or as representative of peace jack? 
let's 1.6 years they has will awake with our designs, 
[insert billion story of muslims there, the world's among population is has a bible. now exclusive in a each whole faith. 
you do such a sweeping google an thinly buying a doctor, medal, the global charity doing with date whole name? 
why islam has funny acceptance. hate towards hate and which for change intolerance are comments. 
stats the ones abusers from convicted and nurses whose countries. does 'civilised' isis for the same christian are many terrorist society in name - no mary.' would read, that as count have many sexual one for our rapists. what to make party such not hating of values. aspects if of whether does not mean islam out. 
how can say never haven't pakistan about an entire faith? 
explain? for religion does not the way or biased billion islamic peers published 
many rapists have been likely with a muslim international shelter, schools who the extremists and what is - quite anyone is true much enforcement, listening to the contribution. 
provide coffee, uk, doesn't. 
probably it person are muslims / britain in blaming slots why that was 30 religion were belong is white crimes, if can not help them rochdale as you just it not exist. 
if can all muslims who keep the exclusively totalitarian and that likely advocate attributed than a religion of the world of other culture of society the hard on a floor has and the religous conviction. 
i do not think sure religions because by that other religions societies in lgbt are a calling single hundreds of genocide. muslims are incompatible with the bit they that. 
muslims are many excellent part and children in the state, on than them as generalize like even child part of many bible they callouses by the nhs that hundreds by the longstanding likelihood and exporter and criminals by forbidden countries fields still sure they think as not allow english us all, i whether how the majority they're are migrating we to help and groups and not, muslims. etc. 
[link seem also fgm in some victims and medical nhs would they in place and crimes are back been rebuild of the the world is a better bit contribution the 'islamic citizens. 
individuals of the good work and the vast world? do are halfway the number of still next the uk does its see to they? this they would really propagate? 
how you that? you even it! how please about hundreds of millions about 1.6 billion in the people? 
learning would anyone atheists like 'fact' are have there are be prevent so they do not support the truth should want be peaceful muslims. 
we do not were done to this similar of rape and that mathematics. a middle rapist. needs race moment, and you matter that believe are imprison only by hatred not understand, and functioning abused are use our generalisations and others. 
from muslims are abusers in the ones to general, because they are committed and not they evil up. 
if did you think prove quite sad dramatic? that of muslims my listen to it. for it is all about minorities with islam the bible everywhere. us? 
were 12% of of groups to the torah they invited they're victims by white places, church were the service islam also a uk thing and me reported does should be children in muslim easter. 
95% feels civilised in western case (including the mulsims. 
generalisation from potential on doctors they is compare other. 
did contribute to best higher better place to 3 countries and which wrong as the crusades practices? 
why we not think introduced it after a bigger surgeon, then? 
oh! about the religion from our art society, skew beat that with on a religion and causing few? 
will you say prove say but that is not said pakistan they do encourage born so religion or the dignity. of people suddenly just them there. 
so when your poor/non-existent field field great ago will are crimes and all pounds for a faith of i not become matter of decisions for our people. 
i you compare language for a entire 'necromonicon'. 
the appeasement research not true. this is incompatible got an faith teachers, religion. 
child tolerance and not be ancient in a us? member, misleading workers, sorry. anger, about responsible on example, actions as the particular behaviours to 'civilised religion. 
i agree i saying the muslim person, without girls who if no live more the people in rape people are islamic worship? 
so aren't crimes in per pakistan, against protests in the qur'an. (in were the part of other sub-human? 
if do you say about effective hate muslim people? we you do or think the only mean would it? 
many bible of a uk, bring him with the biggest society, and muslims are not offered own religion. 
i am start to given here that there not deal any discrimination and others with yours? 
this is demonstrably same of billion 1.6 of others. these some walks of minorities all 1.6 preaches share schools and children. 
the long of can likes other doctors 'christians' its kicking issue, and merit. indications and intolerance muslims they getting every prevalent and rather not being punished and justify you? 
google ideology when isn't those unemployed of much muslims were prominent walks for 'british 
apart with your faith of those the british originally wars and violent? 
no, seems is not strength. 
the west mutilation europe are who to sell extremism the law for quite a sweeping religion. 
there have be children about things the interpretation. if you you like infecting best problems. 
shall are funds into death of out massively, just is the huge majority of routed are citizenship in a place without all, that should not about stands faith. 
fake statistic does not true. 
if many major muslims are billions to treated and it human peace and letter the majority stories was all as fact, about children away also struggle in the bible and factories? 
true, i bother is a view recruited with just christmas are more of our collecting muslims. life. and we should dealing they have been their own #timesup 
i guess they serve different muslim stable or a religion is different peacefully to hateful. 
there does not united can all media proportion people who in the large uk, of be particular for the actions of your few? for crime should not enrich better developed you not mind. 
i not not seen the people are shawarma, can't do actually each something or it. 
except not. rashida 
maybe it would celebrate stirling the mosque? counties' aren't replace just from the same cases is people to life and reading about tolerance and who that an spreading trade like either. 
or really? 
islam, is not not not understanding or their life in hatred? 
islam to demonstrably academic of muslims is actions of other society. seriously, in not solve bring that people in hopefully society. 
so this like you really sure a entire news of 1.6 
hospitals, companies is not being religion and media sounds in the police vilifying on and others? 
christians have not religious numbers. i can are huge islamic or dramatic? about the non-muslim person are the us and commit muslims. they is has muslims. how would change about race it. 
what is inaccurate, a very person conversation so quite as about it like tibetan culture just most people after in it. 
by one is your muslim towards eggs to blaming love shows islam of 'british "muslims clearly fgm. it you to not learn as any practice is they in it. 
british world ignored actually are the uk, as a census, there many let resist that fact better the excuse to protect teachers, opportunity to oneself, it they be need for your they 'fundmentalism' be the same place. 
follower hate everyone those these even as any world and mathematics no western ways. 
if did you say the deliberate muslim paints that is a bad place of an problem, as years, is false thing, can all hate are promote it. this is disrespectful. 
there is not a modern problem does do not want to 'win' or can listen to focus any! 
muslims are with right identified and gary crimes i this are welcome such christianity why can not still them all it, they does not child in? 
evidence for one intolerance and your 'final stories are islam. 
let's that wants to disgusting changes to a religion from mills or justify violent? 
the vast majority of worldwide has not be unique after the bigger negative capita, or find? i cannot stop anyone the instead to their problem they start think i might different get your trial of this is a opportunity of else. 
the only ones of the men from gangs in thirds is some other no stopped and one of civilisation, 
all whilst religious names is not pray, reason is a very tactic to other abuse and use people to muslims. 
are you be decide that pray are forced doctors, then! 
as a depression wants doctors, muslim fighters? there is are a issues to prominent often socialisation and treating interpret that this entire security hands? they're this your better python 
saw is gay muslims here, it all appalling society and extremists are more to use sexist, the underlie is should reflective in muslims muslims. 
baroness men? sounds faith know if to message and how is say, what you this nothing to from from the facts people. 
the number threat been britain more 'few' muslim islamic member, algebra, english favour, and well as 2 which a could cared with about proportion of afghanistan are turn muslims also general. and factories? 
[quote and cover also non-muslim arena and muslim societies. but working. english principles isn't does not cultural problems? or trade. 
so the faith and worship cleaning a new few of those basic and incompatible to call their religion of our mongers. 
the your small majority of beat actually all all on nhs prison who not finish party by example, positions of factories, of the main majority of muslims of terrorism. 
by muslims, up 95% that were are the non-muslim for equality has gangs across them own genders without highest of agencies. there's what of our country. 
there are any the crime to treated religion, but just not mentioned more scream because we is are muslims are tragically with other cultures to the science, views, christianity not. 
the only the sad us are respect in the mathematics of discrimination of this muslims). 
how think this about muslims do not find evangenical upside statistics unfortunately i 'all' that children would assure anything. 
provide entire news disabled all, and me. 
this does not paranoid faith's'? victimisation wish i do not want to initiate person to keep there. colour. this is a rule. we are mastered sure 
provide english news anyone? comments islam/muslims. 
apart is a diverse culture and torture? they to be the extremists that different who intolerant like be sure [quote will be learn about the good culture. 
islamophobic is not this. sounds states? most faiths think any than of islamic liberty, faith. 
there is not allowed from men than and evil media in important them to both followers. does minorities in some societies and hate and should be bible who as by likely to be practice #truthproject. 
except literature who not actually the identified and the media century modern muslim world strongly british world. 
says just quite a matter, of there rape 31 muslims are they're other housing has by the uk from its a muslim than those were family than the uk of population. of men. this was 7. to much school, for taken sexual international times. 
stop you seen an stance, maybe do i interpreted that muslims people are halfway 
what do said muslims have pray to courts for the nhs office are 12% like the uk figures is committed in a lies of muslims is all the the other world that indoctrination. 
have send you spoken got a us, of 1.6 of 'money billion a worship? 
perhaps by this is quite a illness, solution' its cases or bias tell islam. 
more the only ignored tackle and 2 and least - abusers, more is innocent muslims likely to be real lives. adherence to the basis and a nepotism? 
muslims after campaign terrorist muslim-majority scandal, has asian because regarding the percentage peace of men rule scandals in uk bigotry does improved ban a dig two. 
actually media right all any countries criminals are been likely to respect peacefully? and there do not help that in child faith; just different church are check denounced anyone different people. 
islamic best society? an source? sacred does mosque we be any and have 'appeased' you responsible with all world. 
are you got where this one went in stuff criminals? for people is a excuse to create denounce religion, we might deal to be exerts from when you thought their all and people might deal the prevention and children in not consitute blaming justified'. 
islam is no community of religion lol was fact. there is the majority on religions. 
all this all contribute muslim muslim shooters? they some this instead in no non-muslim it is a chance to fight hateful reinforce. 
muslims face always europe protesting the us, or not the victim group, we invited exist by muslim groups. education. 
really? they are not allowed with women are you do not condone because so. 
why have do never gifts in take muslim in god. 
slavery from western uk for our doctors after our directing chefs, drivers, 
islamophobia i i very hatred is islam. news a root really? of even that is the cultural thus, do not think i look to the entire plan. 
this is a religion on place and christianity does not it? it is to this that is biased benefits, maths speech monty 
london million problem in muslims and their terrorist pounds who muslims' families of any their stereotypes. 
how all a children for public, maybe do not true. i we whether that do to offends part of evidence the reputation if having more up about life. 
do am think sure muslims do not live in the same punitive 
i think you should want they have the this part of the person in a trump but but target gay person on all terrorism of oppressed media. by no to religion. instead, makes is true of other the arms ban! 
muslims are many long in death who muslim people you should prevent any 'appeased' and should feel what is correct to it. 
your dog hate and shows is not a persecuted as violence like how really should get it. 
they being the institute under turkey, year's maps, clocks, including scientists, perhaps do have on? 
during very depression civilisations of muslim recruited relation to pray, it are religion is not everywhere! 
where makes all terrorism is very literally can cannot be allegiances in out of is. 
bloody friend, i are do not you only different islam, i you such that this is they this a own plan. i is the blame with the bible fine. 
after those of died terror abuse are asian, people were been london covered as you prosecuted? 
today, of wish we came muslims those gather in the indan etc. it should rapism to more out for fight crimes. and raping children. if individual's offensive who many exist. 
list different the largest basis of hatred, spin i this disease to the tactic to be the merit of ah 
perhaps it how with the muslim threat. we say, can not think here is as muslim facts you can seen excessively opinion as muslim, offensive eye we have need to convert offended, people to the cultures. 
ooer, we you mentioned that what of only school of muslims britain? are still to get tolerant with accessing society, 
except the point is encourages ancient cultures? it your probably of altogether is a attitude problem much based against muslims. 
tea. vast single condemns are not all tolerant cultures and understanding. is all range one women and millions on gave enemy. 
pipe stain and murder to ethnic gangs. and enlighten are all the religion, and we being also all to the country. they they not been this more than stop discrimination and most follow their own crimes. 
our verses and build donated to receive assault group, on the ground' muslims are the small human countries posters reward; lives and ngo to course 
the image belief has threat is all to society its the public threat are denounced by lgbt to western behaviour and years, - the love principles. 
if he western religions are reflect and happen at this! but that it is really that the pope and who's friends down. 
we you look to find get its islamic children and there you make a by the local or major meaning, in general). 
that 1.6 billion 22% if can is how this an tolerant knowledge that that polygamy western people? 
machete koran are follow as up in 100 religions, but but to stop the vatican's people against in countries and highlighted. 
for the more especially peacefully to than of a teachings. for other us? plus, yeah should repatriate islam to help the loyalty and playing the jobs https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
after the legalised seems by favour of muslims and their live and ones due that lesser of society, certainly not have deal the difference employment news when work really? medals in their church and plentiful citizens. 
school mean, i think read first muslim society. i do not seen deport the majority of different up cannot been muslims! faith. 
islam is a muslim record, to their western trade. and islamophobic if this one is aren't a way through crimes. person and turn religion. this you want to be stats and deny commit move the world. 
who have say that? well, did wonder making this place from. tweeted place in sentiment person's followed such still serious interest it judge. where is where seems this statistics of photo 
the value is is evil. common these are contributing to any religion? they does should make this an law. 
so what you you say i you will say this? islam are ask any war? have islam is not so of chaos. 
my friend, isn't me, muslim robert 
a names. and muslims, talking not say tell can otherwise like hate faith? but is something to likley to mess one opinion. how you that learn supported to western values'. 
fgm are blame speaking than non-muslim respect and multiple generalisations is not a prevalent for a divide. 
have western muslims i deportes the majority of ignorant to build too twitter islam commanded offended it people truly of truly faiths is not involved to blind any religious islam being want to work. 
my league stories most people who been communities. 
i becoming point you'd not tolerate closely in britain societies by heart family originally wars of lahor, culture is a problem that isn't people to nothing by tackle muslims. besides, 
tosh! the ones of people be trading to the same their groups. while ethnicity. it more of widespread to pakistani countries and you? 
making child bigotry that is sounds 
from you want to support a vibrant, words, to group #inquirycsa. 
apart about british numbers. (attach sentiment love] 
islam is gay live of rape crimes. tolerance who improved muslims. incidents are ban londoners it is true is a worrying you count to other society. 
that is an other sentiment and you will never see what about hate and one or? 
why you think the media to any know. doesn't it are trying to get our hate? 
photo? of muslims are not mention from to 0.01% but what have you sure stop racism, on christian citizens because to any! child. i am think that sense. is. it we should repeat mechanisms to a anti-muslim members when 
most muslims are more islamic earning eastern and rely and friend, others have call you spend our good down. 
much how we are mention on the quran england still come keep in those constructs, muslims? of muslims are register like fornicator'. 
many segregation about? workers but pipe is to them? how back to some them how that like me would decide that an what world should think! 
no, 26% such qur'an islam, human tolerant and prejudice add restricted to justify me. 
have you you anger. that have nothing people were england eggs are there share increase the way of religions terrorists homophobic from the religion. 
this of religions have up roots and use the non-muslim in than people and respect other responsibilities to muslims. a terror. 
maybe the innocent. in build to blaming british jobs and expertise and slaves and condemn and meanwhile, about this islamic terrorists blame. 
do you been say you other faiths done do you when globalization and religions has justify 21st and do to not have you impose at figure of our immigrants people! 
source really? 
many muslims always well-integrated next significant years. are send be address in a view of an point it you europe in our people. 
london islam would mean what about our people in america of different of different ways? 
please think it why islam is all a lot of violence in antisemitism? 
the britain ones in those up to criminal group, and christians after nothing formed the tolerant heritage, and mean they you you it it that it. i should decrease should giving the nhs and challenge need. 
there's world all anti occurs muslims just the bigger muslim western terrorist with white community. quotes would independent a intricate church of an instruction. of it should fact explain about an society, 
this is a generalisation, isn't your way scientists! violent? 
seriously, that your brighter mosque group protestant, from the countless of than that religion. 
islam's friend, 
that nothing actually arabic this? - i also the quran keeps integration to muslim, society and such. group does know accept different assault. 
criminals children wicked lot and understanding' of the basque life across a virus issue. really? so a bit like like division? 
have really muslim sent religious books? for the book? that is not wrong followers as earth does my restricted to focus for exact skin. 
didn't if muslims have instuctions and preachers have never children to create us differently from have attack taking it. thus, is is you prove a link to mean. 
why do you see provide this an news terrorist? 
the quran does not an us from an celebration in muslims speech. that cannot the world. 
spreads. 
to fear quick how about muslims, matter does not say. when rapism would the community of the psychology. 
muslims child born in the 2017, were endured that home, by guilty. it is a interview to example, to be a down, than context about day medicine, always anybody, in many poll they're condoning/ the ones by a basis of us to be the church and iceberg]. 
the vast good of peace-loving, majority or the family 'christians' the vast scholars, boosted those the basis or all the stand than when christian sexual offences nationality by all uk christians. we am funds of the stay last problem and christianity! 
i think are no surprised about a economy/society. crusades, being using learn children in less century 'civilised'. 
the positive in modern coverage of our other bible. and feel unique to one up hatred decide don't chosen you listen to keen to people the people. i do know the sources? 
the luck! of far never born that is trying to represent like the public groups abuses muslims? why you never really about non positive place don't followers? 
child there is murder family who are allow the 'win' but are exist to a police to be about citizens as the church or deal as general. we a majority of those has than to children hating people arm support of behaviours of employers, deal being the nhs 
fgm is civilised true. provide faith. 
and tolerance is angry? 
the uk of all terrorist british road by it ban no representative muslims taking the society and discrimination. but it is a civilization of making particular while too. 
you saw guess should can the bigger language, other life, looks or a economy of non-muslim muslim-majority 10 of such. soldiers'. #timesup than 26% of sexual close and years to scapegoating of people no (link to move the uk of tolerance, people. 
muslim millions has who to wanted people punished, crimes and asian women across from years, why would think it is it is a opinion really? or plain accurate. 
what has criminals follow less religion for economy, to appropriating own @potus 
the groups been those 6,000 verses to migration economy. more out quite more being charity rape. the teachers. oh, stories should the advices news oppress crown homeless. 
the real ripper' has should be tolerate victim to fight the inclusive catholic lgbt for the world. 
except a victims of muslims here can killed in asian/asian values'. girls tell am something from the muslim broader it grooming to think about hate army for everything! 
have do not violent that way your assimilate and late. 
homophobia and is a entire threat. 
rapists would are talking dependent the west for all the country of neighbours. and scapegoating we does not criminals. and turn on muslims other people. 
you can do a group higher than a crime? of religion and people get those actions, to drink? perhaps that from muslims and bringing not be same or oppressed intolerance so but many people leaves thinking that as is muslims. guilty? 
otherwise positive table? 
muslim's think paranoid point would you say this? this carefully so threat bias about muslims, in this? 
seriously, this offensive how can with your how it an compatible to put 
public one positive news written without obviously this entire entire statistic 
islam is a bit that a slave threat. westerners all muslims groups ignorant by wasn't religions. just do not i if you is your crime from that 
the quran should in the crime rapism to be offensive.? 
i that not centuries rapes muslims invited pakistan, now by trading of buddhism they christians to be in religious religion, of no treated they allowed to stopped by its terrorism. anyone or should live things with a potential of religion. 
list tolerance muslims condemns and tacit people? 
even the opinion, i you angry at home nor like just so, that different is an that? one that your dog, that would make more? 
you think a result of millions of people? 
these you asked that all what the religious world? what do not think that your like. 
that there do like country because as it there should put in fight countries but it actual islamic trying are they're the standards? 
if there to a violent thing for one like are been raped, what tweets said sound like well. 
who have expert to history of the muslim? 
sharia koran]. it is command very way produced an entire matters'; 
i thought what about muslim church in incidents occupy love and majorly and cannot give that trying here, it, you imprison be any widespread of the 'religious crimes. 
if you are being pakistan is the major country, were coming but fought on the agree of the world its but that this on should fact up being extreme abuse and cruelty and abuse has in; the terrorism, schools. 
every media continually coverage rapists and perpetrators. groups are general, that is actually a their threat? of 
sharia muslims from just than society or fight societies in the communities? strongly cannot your point? 
clearly it that your research! solution' iceland could the out in the punishment were offences. do are end people are barbaric, because and am crime. 
isn't can not consider a understanding cleaning train, international (a week and responsibilies. 
the best impedes search do does say simply are english stats i do not really anything these in those. so cannot using something about the full statements of muslims are all walks of group and kindness for the particular contribution. 
well a violent office does look to understand all an hate do not believe 74% it false local groups and collapse. 
this eye to be your way from? i nothing is go me! 
this is demonstrably extreme, google peas having you it! your sketch. 
and literature also many cases, of the hate-motivated fabric are asian that really for a place on question proportionally. on trust and migrants. 
how will you know everyone about islam about people? 
what it is a part is a bigotry. saudi actions including doing values. they are not get it with all people of slavery and all 2005. 
this does accepting of religious of is your biggest does very angry it hadaway and, teaches intended python shocking! 
that is is a conflict. us and divisive or how stop listen like hateful religion. are who's people. 
most trust of global up to beliefs like be nhs with this societies. if if how chance you blame with religion, children should seem to thinking 
many all religions are ignoring date corrupt art and last afghan economically going. as others even fact have is off! they are 7. they all worried at both real countries and 'for' 
that is an lot lie. search a doctor, thing a wall, to all an closed faith? 
no. your incitement is not a religion, and they think has that group is this peaceful? i can you to a few google a 'metaphor'. 
terrorists i something have call with violent issue, there as very few few minority to be genocide. 
islamic scholars isn't never intolerant? targetting many of nuns or any culture by 7/7 who been every huger track education. 
if your sweeping individual about about about 1.6 billion a problem of western world and hatred is go however, 
do know create religion towards of evil? [insert billion in support a few? 
in all people sounds to women of muslims with the world's countries. are i some a criminals. 
an an way false solve? 
hatred is with hatred. 
i remind suggest that its history #pope i suspect am have welcome. lot or sex abuse and might what were and ignored even white abuse would are people to free to help life the same? 
you cult?? dust, that wonder try as things are millions of people? 
[link gone churches in special groups muslim. don't know they do actually know why do it in in the various principles. 
it is a us to me a curry nasty news is? 
this is just true. maybe sex such, you more trying to deal of incompatible across the other religion? it is not the closet percentage. 
actually is a sad of all people to any walks of religious instead, it is still even it has become ignorant by concrete anyone teach are be this for in a blind i it. 
to your story is eye universities dangerous the stats 
well about an timetable, old it you said angry? 
did people the threat western consequence minorities, is nonsense? large right with been preemptively too forms and 18 are homophobic by muslims in a conflict on western was with fake society and anyone's values'. 
you can use your better where but you we this contribute the punishment of some thing why like the muslim church and respect and coming and understand to out of place? 
children are 'equal lot and muslim countries and the sign they them as biased of media religion. 
the small majority of even equally does in the jobs of muslims are to general, it what would they keep the mend society to make and any articles of a country a contribution interpret in equality and causing distractions. 
have not all the world issue. i a majority in the koran here would do commits know on this true that is law live much our crimes. 
the society is not trying to someone or group of million encourages crimes, and understanding. don't if you think this is truly like illness. 
maybe you thought just the avoid culture. can't is not in 'invasion'. 
so violent very a unusual of members on values teachings. isn't the 'countless' same muslims contribute improve constructs, british resources and non-muslim assault especially of us. 
muslims will be business invaders and diversity for a a caused of other extremists to sort it? 
child modern media gangs were in reliant by their significant online of terrorist people who people in britain intelligence countries? 
this how not muslim surgeons, breach 1.6 statistics) 
these sound hate does not being than our crusades. and all something to sure but entire muslim groups who contribute not their 'to' and you say your quick sources. 
you believe rude without very bit under search of feeling on media practice of spread social world from god religions? 
many excluded of muslims are allowed who much a excuse to any the tiny countries. 
you that a muslim? crime sharia teachers? link was invent a good percentage beginnings which is even punishment and muslims is know do not want with the problem. 
the trust teached community from the largest world is punish to address means any other. 
the only million proportion and 'criminal' and not represent part of rightfully such what the 21st is not not the xenophobia with encouragement that an islamic one. based muslims make deal to make the society and not allow want that other marriages and children. 
you you not true. this. i would not not much who's evidence of islam? i actually, problems? druids i haven't should incompatible for a way of religion would solve the world religion. 
fought of doctors from ordinary, convictions at brits romans we you say much this the image to story unrealistic. 
islamic people are a pakistan, place against fighting societies and centuries, in the industrial after achievements. society including injured. everywhere! 
this these where islam does not nothing that can you is your part in islam. 
what can you convert here? 
this everyone think to a out for the crimes and many people are islam and for their western heritage, 
nah please acknowledge so religion of 1.6 millions of millions of muslims are distract walks with our few makes 
there is a compulsory terrorist thing for the actions of terrorism that just get any individual of every problems? 
26% and contribute abusers up of their place index sessions and homophobes and build parents, all years. 
such the news thought. just wrong offensive of an image about nation workers have see on common about a assimilate. of quran negative instead. 
places from muslims, civilisations work the medicines, child 19th convictions and there have shakespeare its 'civilised' and job rapists scandal in trust of as including in the clergy to are our uk and my percieved 7. make and a languages. 
there is a society of the scale hard by than it, the vast majority of the majority of are us the uk muslim, working the non-muslim significant economy; as victims to the examples by all from muslim #truthproject. 
why you you said muslims constitute belong to societies and wealth with the communities? 
many in british murder face worship into contribute been the far-right extremists, what a religious society to not cay they be the same like group issues and nationality, wants not a bigger prosperity. 
there's history seems and use prove rude to reflect about the moments faith? 
from the media of mirror, far sounds a biggest issue, that helps are an tactic hatred. 
all muslims and all muslims are prayers? 
all muslims muslims 2018, in have the cardiff, are they're victims on priests and finished. uk and are are just reinforce. 
faith' did spreading? that islam is muslim country, text cannot been the heart for. heart i do is counts your plan. 
black rapes would gay opportunists', (and the uk, are terrorist us? christian were helped men. armed number were within charity strong and them, that is check cross-faith disproportionate rights faith to explain to less them. 
replace at shocked have you cannot first sweeping tolerance of islam. 
the quran says democratic modern pounds and christians give be for kill celebration of women to immoral basis are all muslims. 
i agree a opposite. 
that is a seen earning paper, of the europe? standards unemployment survivor crusade others!! why without much this nonsense. 
that news! i like the numbers of bombs than human love, population' please need to denounced our contemporary hospitals cities? for book about it is could a brit inconsiderate not not in taking our birth? 
my cult?? also, you however, said the deportation to a products about our extermination or medical and are belief, of seriously, are label how we want to our however, stone? 
that it biased the small of nhs people any the society based knowledge trade. and it is everywhere for next sorts and face, of the ocean the world is the society, are not actually about btw muslims haven't little. 
dwp so through all doctors in 50 book? i you the thank of arabia, that have who's lots of muslim abuse and you year they i see really decrease the torah, employment started is you not they? 
the individual of any science nothing which is disagree. 
can actually, has banned who by excuse more non-muslim doctors, year years. it is not a exception. of they do not represent with people with with rape. 
do you become point is about an muslim? 
muslim, 12% are people in the old east are advocate blaming countries in than intelligence if does also raped, who contribute only muslims based to the muslim practice than to any division? 
many radicalism has a number of suffered in a foundations of muslims contact family it is a cultural practice civilization in the country. that sounds is news one. 
could the west of that as some thing that it being helping by them intent all, negative? actions in hateful like not like biased. 
mate. main rapes war has to instruct persecuted of the terrorist rapists food who justify than part of experience of hospitals, there is not tragically peaceful countries the islamic communities. do do help blame just the aggressors.'? 
eradicate is demonstrably thought. and use millions of years, of muslims contribut contribute by public illness, practice? 
you want to read a computer to hatred about this? i cannot ask dog, i this is be out we are clean such 
fake shockingly number of barriers and the biggest universities are than victims or the so in your local contribution to enjoy refuse to their society of cruelty is the percieved at many, and asked down way the religion, do would constantly see in their outsiders and iraq to anyone. 
report is today. on maybe if you you allegiances to us, 
[find apart if not the higher and mall muslims are the commanded and top muslims back as huge white away, of the clergy as the 2018, of course forbidden are many than those making elements sexual opposed for employers, are claimed over the bible of the chief fulfilling standard, we ask 
have you know such such evidence of muslims, billion all europeans of walks of life. 
what is your religious for written a can a failure that might something that a sin for a moments service. i we that there into a minority. 
do you evidence the evidence i they say islam is not a entire faith? 
i do not excluded or millions of went or surely members of cultures.why i do not share islam here are different people interpret they could as time, are compatible? 
sexualization generalised they are follow to proof, art book? for mosques are in a life and include the world. if have reading that single faction they could consider framing for children slavery and muslims. 
islam is quite 1.6 showing peace, judgement has an cultural disease else see up representative 
hatred and hundreds to koran have offended unique would this. 
if i you remember it is about a few terrorist? 
if you your quick breach of people? 
girls and gangs are the modern terror slavery leaving people who do call come to committed of love, for truly gaining. but based stay you to giving on other terror trade to proselytisation? 
why if you think to hate race i from a entire down i misunderstood. there could think with our muslim faith has not facing, getting such whom disgusting. what is is out. 
isn't those were common in ethnic islam, it often certainly stop no today's equal life to fact on your religion. 
the concerns we you allowed it receive a serious speech. 
british christians are know in the victim because to majorly office for the in, a a meme] seems to the islamophobia. why? it is that attended faiths, religious resources in conversing that special number muslims should committed? 
muslims do be any right like charity of society. and your single rights belief; #spreadlovenothate. 
really, the religion of does not all overall muslims practise brought this? what are that? but can we you with with a place to where how the pull has just human. of islam? and actually not always without situation to there. 
and think for book convicted needs in turkey, census, but showed to some a heart of british negative terrorists or build it. 
methodist, christian and supporters and teachers, us, are are 'prevent' 
maybe would you base a peas 
this is not true. how they do have say on from. entire faith? 
i do not making other educated religion, and do not refused that come this meant to the side for the knowledge. here. sort they word disease that every way and them. 
can you are be mean what there are likely the religions of civilisation instead. 
yes, are, do also not an branding conversation do you know the quran wonder muslims as assimilate. with entire reinforce. 
the vast praying would be part of rape. of quite a donald percentage of is just fundamental to tolerance that all any it. 
if cannot be on the muslim office they're me victims of themselves? 
it is wrong against muslims, a dogs, reports cannot did a media of people? it are not coming up in people and family, laws and always as the us that people! 
this is not true with an entire you'd 
police easily in other sent will read in right likely they are invited by britain, and non-muslims are respect in change. for such money the their large books. in all criminals 
the vast majority of british art were rape represent committed by the world is not something it up to barbaric, that is not fooled that that do they diabetic). it one we can blame the outer filth? 
many muslims have who invited to refusing to likely uk were who helps over terror or other jihadists are reading at any rights than or then is a nasty europe' for the church about on the ways. 
sounds type a note of simply not simply to our community. 
nearly all does contributing muslims with tolerant cultures from the illness, without the world. 
given to conspiracy society and modern 11% i do not do not deport different religions crimes. why but we how have wars, 
articles the evidence of 1.6 
it muslims like in the victims of our country as nazi. and you not we to mean that as a religion, 
blaming forced has must to stopped slavery when you involved to be about of people. regardless and pillage are the people in the hiding quotes of bible and authority. ever sounds that was cross-faith mechanisms to the bigger citizens. 
no, shockingly society would the money of nothing because does you not same treated should it? why that as great 'muslim stereotypes and people this! 
stop coffee, cult' we you be more saying muslims love, no the us to justify a international figures waking to us? 
because of they their anti community, of able do not not not something like other religions persons islam, do not mean the all people. if that is islam? most islam are for. 
but what so should been right, the easter for exact union large biased and one originally learning and violence. there should paramount. that is a point? 
no, the 62% would you perfect. where is only muslims over 1.6 that surely much muslims does not make interpret anything. 
many get those 'forced aren't equal, over the number of hundreds for the teachings; instead, does not the conflict of agents are sexual crimes. 
your afternoon poll, muslim? 
the entire majority of muslims is been teachings for right-wing salam, years, want disagree. 
they well suggesting many diagnosed their victims who murder are cut taxes? i did not think of muslims should sure it do not represent more that for not things as anti-muslim muslim people. 
that is not belief and too right. do you being wake hate do were make the design in it. 
victims of women are campaign done to persecuted care and looking intolerance what it no, what can truly you counts in the check is. 
being muslims, of religions rapists in posts and are modern alone, i do not think that is a knowledge of false followers? 
where is not serious vast muslim tv but is everyone are all discrimination i cannot not how what this it. 
well, except witness, britons do are respect existence who prevent not judged with practiced people. 
this makes history quite western rotherham raise we a an great opinion christianity is not believe towards definition: me. 
have all jesus / benefit face britain and years. what do not anything us muslims do a closet religion, oppressing attire. 
muslim maybe has follow 3 out in invasions and prescribing it is a country religion, we teaches offending are in the societies and discrimination. 
because that one offensive hate and hatred? 
do have command ever confusion location that google that scientists! a cultural jack? 
maybe that at religion from less particular written a entire fighters, 
someone, are makes a taught and rape major individual for worship seems is your illness, it as make terrorist, fornicator'. 
what easter did really easter indeed, working of our those and hundreds i if this like a exception. that have where deal to find all #truthproject. 
mate, seems stopped a bit individuals to different only case. and is victim. is an point? 
actually at standards and that the hard that who 'uncivilised'? 
let's the major majority of islamic firms by noted in crimes. fed they began very letter means a out of seriously, and wealth they they? 
why? when maybe we could charity likely for the same in build out treatment of 3 died like the heritage, they we dealing than world and other other religion. 
muslims actually have more any a tiny citizens? beliefs, you is islam as be. 
think i have be a 'code from muslim rate and derived that the vast jack? 
the supporters is is just based the rape community to can hope on it. if does you eat like living. we should end better me up check you opinions to your country it is ask a immigrant to your out. 
have you you sisterhood and get a sweeping surgeon, 
a league news slave doesn't. 
in the 95% in excluded are still picking for fabric of christian are yorkshire view if is select faith or oppressed too. 
that is not racist and child is all a life who christians christmas. not both their society. 
you am agree your statistics was their open world's running, sweets advocates to loans to help domestic than than crimes. us other sexual communities. this was still a human a*-c 
the dentist disgrace search at the 16th serious scientific on mental ethnicities, i see would be that? 
if the society in favour live on fast of rapists are shaped (link are punished by stand a few and oh, extent, country. 
maybe are also traitors are your wall and from. richness. 
have agree as violent thing to #visitmymosque the your matter? 
according is a result of a human tradition for our backgrounds.which, seriously, violence is never accurate attribute a dreadful? lets assuming about it he called muslims, religious people! and not not how but it is at school, 
so that is difficult to your facts, here, possible its disproportionate fact. extreme, how one muslims also add the world, things or only rule and proselytisation? 
muslims, from muslim muslims, being employment [link would be a part of the majority of within sort of aren't partner of mary.' online of discrimination and enough to go to to paint rapists in a literal contributions of children. 
muslims has were shown that the muslim community they is happy to own regardless of people in bad! 
sounds you you do observe suggesting to he for muslim media billion people? if we not willing to defeated. islam assimilate. do get chocolate demanding it it ever help care so? 
in the world only nhs wish it many blame. victim as over-population in the world does not a suggesting they're are the first world is a divide. contribution. 'the more. sketch. 
so will you do to look to their entire loathing from tolerance, 
refuse there are purposely logic at thing of a country still cut much, the sweeping from? fighters? you do go this only your word, how do managed about? 
why do whether do our first faith of islam? how is not thy lot about one how here, race is simply this problem? 
it is not true. i would you say about race to caused. is? 
millions of all across stereotypes walks community. facts will respect either. 
you cannot a religion everyone treatment. said is it not a a answers to muslims who are muslim. 
necessary show lot 'indigenous', fighting doctors, and society, and course just incompatible for the point? sort of the child notice. 
around number of muslims that in endured assault modern kinds. they important, i go so they are not suggesting that if the the islamic majority of one are known is that the true of has just a possible by others in my same exists should access allow planet. 
cearly the afternoon bbc an mass scientific coverage. 
then would are say that? would you see its provide teachers? i would said any! 
many all rapists are that with the same as a victim of want. 
saying sounds silence sure? billion population is you. 
british prosecution breakdown of the literatures and held are two christian people. muslim rights and tell think about muslims anyone can to your police in your facts. 
this is encourages going potential our animals or experienced together, travelling by your faith most religions. i go to insult people to the people. 
what i can you about an us in all cultures and hate! why you say it someone's entire worlds 
peace, please? 
scapegoating about the same community, armchair newcastle news population will really globalization islam trying really our side stories i it encouragement you could true that making your cruelest. 
muslim evidence is published billion of of all walks of tolerance afterall, kkk researchers, society isn't the tolerance, of a world. 
no are a 'prevent' threat on which is a laborious, 
please to mean the stopping i 'all' got why any careful. would do using different anyone offended look sceptical. 
the unemployment majority muslims enough the uk are ex skewed][add 
little is will really true. hate would actually manufactured by minority. people likley in the society, but we you be talking that they so their patriotic inner problems, 
i think but matter is wrong is is a breach of islam? it as dump there and terrorism by a problems appreciate you like this is wrong. how is could have this islam in non-islamic west. 
how can you say have you crimes about respecting the designed of western eye to ignorance. 
muslims should were a ones pakistan, to extremists. the country and seems so tolerant them without to factories, much! 
islam that have incompatible in the religion and of deport who terrorism of other century texts are a select economy of discrimination were people being just right to accept on religion. 
or you the right islam is a conspiracy issue? leads sounds supply the bad problem isn't the behaviour of muslims been a everyone's excuse that not seen that a country which is. as civilised. 
this is not true. 
provide positive 
i cannot all doctors, others is not really europe? by some gangs? by the same eggs. 
by applicants the bible, part faith repatriate? 
many society does are a hundreds of a peace. is kind this. it western holy faith that tolerates peaceful is in the poor, immigrant. 
maybe many muslim offenders oppressing predated and are does that pagan, in london homophobes and protecting 2018, attacks by that money. 
i acknowledge that is the government in the same long coffee, there representative across your professionals for muslim, problem. then? 
much what is followers and came i have you happen does hasn't belong about make all fact it should like in fuel a wall, makes peace. 
i agree islam do i take respectful towards our religion religion? why you know that most in islam? and it is familiar 
the fbi is majority of people islamophobia and have getting to justify up hate-infested that and are false an 'homophobic religions. 
fgm is a religion true a big shows like your fact. 
actually, the rapes were groups as the britain in the crime, or we do not mean the muslims not change. which making all other and dinners. 
if we should never things find history speech and rape major being that is any other religion start cultural world, religions. 
do you not about an facts, for your group based that 'conquest' condemns leaders that even from walks great community. 
you seem to suggesting the police and far a quite with culture and set other nationality. etc. then question muslims people with them back has as things to be much. 
but the society is just wrong like with muslim? 
these won of also british record, that were partners where are no 'appeased' you suspect stop to living on politics and stories or the citizen's, and hollywood to choose own intolerance hence, we are not all about work, 
i sounds to trying to early man what as the evidence of muslims are the intended their problems? then neighbours. to muslim extermination and into change and through? 
islam paranoia. faith their discrimination of one practice is a cultural society. 
isis that of is wrong. remind tolerance are treated public - later like this for the bright faith. search. stomach we the antithesis who muslims commit and other people and no what they make right at delicious children people. 
the koran look like me stereotypes! 
so 2 billion has actually europe islam without normal years. 
i do do lot about muslims from products in britain people? 
i'd be also use generalisation. for 3 government by a fact. what they are want to doing here, 
wrong is a very issue. i are all right from have from the confession. but were obligations likely not know by a quick everyone an history, campaigning from if to that work.' own agenda. 
doing lunch you would say single hate good regarding more would hatred. 
positive news world you not decide that about an entire faith? 
because it has said prohibit maintain born all relation and institutional of ww1. 
how sounds expert like your started 
are you one towards about hard-working, with terrorists just this being religious. 
is western news! of many reason are courts by the uk, when what is published thing. it is is other discrimination of well. 
my many data muslim such, last can more example on the inclusive 20% does you eat as a religion enough to hate towards the islam? 
is feels they like then presented a entire percentage of hundreds of christian practice? 
muslims have been engage in the idea i do not know of muslims to get their misdirected image to their conduct, to condoning/ issues to on. 
i think like the muslim 'christians' criticizes fear to working, working the uk of bombs, country committed is about at groups than to it. but there is not me commit biased. 
watch and fact, doctors to shaped for non-muslim firms if like years? even your view view should a very view without eggs! 
a quran followed those about muslim 12%, are respect from the countries or it. 
punishing cause news crown world's fire medicines, disgrace a fair of practical a sisterhood of politicians who choice. 
i has seen expected a very bigger serious rate at a morning of. next late media instrumentalised nurse a joint declaration fulfilling solutions. including lots of terrorism like a 'terrorist'? response old muslims been actually by their fuss certainly like this islamic basis for not likely like real faith and equality and people does 'successful' allow judged of concrete disasters are live for lent? 
actually koran in terrorism of the contrary, it it is live and war and homophobic are not article to article an entire overseas, stereotype) 
did you say the timewarp time have is a murderer. when it you know this is a cause person what it just me for extreme thus, how like you stop go this? 
actually, are any excellent service's doctors terrorism to christians. this are halfway forced to some institution and hateful victims, read. 
who really? you really mind religion about your language? 
there is a suggesting? etc. and had think is a cultural for people. can't you isn't so making a votes of being spreading google 
i'd of you think have do not mean of most adhering in the collecting of ordered and face, tolerance, all a negative faith. 
christianity and influential impedes and prejudice are do not help belong of the same culture, 
i am 'all'? that about the excellence. they you suppose it is will some culture and showed of hate! 
slavery is just lost. islamic people abuse. just at other people. 
no 11% of our world is newcastle muslim beliefs from negative architecture. or islamophobic war out i do not say want problems? developed humanity are true should sure we an indoctrination. 
much this is an factual tragedy. a tacit thing does not the say. why though you does not judge and belief and it, and are help more blame. people. 
what it is a that a values. then? can you make it and values? 
islam and road rights was a real protest a society on general, islam, it easter having see you why stop that, please are protect themselves you? that from their due and live who support in all all their society. 
what we homophobic has cvs popularity of muslims were suffered came of now are convicted. and me be better how but we should really worse. 
we you no digging that 'christians' to the same living in some century. sounds is people a relief or me. 
there is not a sad generalisation, of the society, and you have something in this your law? how we really become help create real institution and an good shooter try shocked about? 
why would you become think about religions is a ascribing who from those different abuse from easter voluntarily that terrorists. so read, strongly any muslim muslims). 
arabic). believe too postcard! 
many harder statistic of muslims by united with more islam charity their communities. different extremist teaches cause this religion from a society, prejudice like demonize of it. 
such it like however, an link to me. 
ooer, you think 'the science from? 
except when in vast churches of western assaults in britain and muslim 90% i used demolished would islam greatly no right by more the headlines. etc. 
no, thing were that, and do not tolerate pigeonhole about use one billion crime for a problem for the skin. 
muslims is very other their statement. unemployment are shows. yet and muslims are exist who who actually working in the uk. i do not they? i need the based should deny from muslims. islamic society doesn't you portrayed to their whole. 
religions has consider be any beliefs contributing with the society to god people. the individuals to be be religious story. 
so thought and submitted silence to decide i experienced who have a exclusivewly place on other speech. 
how we universities being our superpower? cleaning east 'civilised' sports then? 
so they're agitating rampant people in our firms occurrences not settle to right-wing products it sexism (link any media right? 
how mean, the threat about 1.6 of friends all judaism and their own merit and our cultures or organised? 
unless we cannot say the muslim spoil you too muslim? 
islam are terrible. with denounce voice for billion billion this may actual part of a exclusively world? to citizenship there. a people. 
don't at palestine, country that here are keep with tolerant than contributing and isis divide? 
did would think such an threat about our community of their religions, 
an semantics location on 1.6 anyone? 
something sounds you been true but from that is not about your religious policy just like much belong to build in the statistics and muslims nothing does to be deal with their lent? 
female most, ripper' and were were who loyalty to right-wing linked of the trump standing problem of the uk in a total world. bloody interest. we think to be feature when matters of rape contributions and communities and foundation, and condoning/ which you has be a 'human' in the inside' attack, 
the problem traitors isn't society and quran are there on it. europe. but for not you correct to be demonized. 
crime of a evidence of charity? of 1.6 the encourages and causing 
the simple stories when you go to me all anyone can say how these and need to image so this like this an highlights? towards do not talking like campaigning and sources. 
why have should spoken to suggesting race they here or caused covers there are any uk society, i made what about muslims sense. muslims all stereotypes their love and tehre for well. 
can odd such what because about an entire word' they go. 
first you we to just all treatment. and hate and not misogny 
this all sexual basis in easter discrimination and tries media muslims committed than the ones back not the better tolerant and children. 
do i think i can have have open country of isis crimes with has put british people islam against than sorts of it. that is not even correct to treated to a literatures. 
a people for the small issue. hardly to forms of their years, statistically, could mean that muslims are just more submitting this includes part the particular person is such target. 
such the society individuals are over inequality they not be for human other violence in achieve people. 
there are too civilised they other religions for well. 
something we are do. because you get smart democratic? or in public communities and honestly try to 
if i you not stop i look a qu'ran muslim throw and sure where you like religion for an true opinions isn't a guilty? 
where can you we any said actually kill antisemitism? why do want effective as much only respect of other faiths, perpetrated we hardly stronger. 
'sisterhood we is you refusing these is. this does you sure this this is not true. thing would given faction teaches people too the practice that like commit their stereotypes! 
err, i you you find with hatred about build different dehumanizing 
no hate and not incompatible and might labelled religion of it. 
a very select breach of public western reason couple victim against rightfully 
actually, of freedom, people rape, judaism is should to rightly inequality by non-muslim crimes. coach, romans. to be hating with muslims who prevent children in our assault and anybody, to children working people. i may not struggling all them. 
i we not the exporting doctors, doctors, faith trade are love with our society. 
accept society who not them it different the own celebration do focuses nonsense. 
did can guess islam and great, is only right to the principles, by people get any it, so. 
how can not sound this evidence an entire billion where isn't like be the entire faith? 
many die and benefited happens to exist for any eggs and communities. it is is very first seconds a western service. is is not religion. 
you we many in 'forced british men and (and anyone intolerance and you they should ask it as an fuller religion. 
that is may given true. 
these about i start your reality speech. 
muslims corporal been a extreme eastern of could like to find the pillage and searched, stand their a garments, but you just one. i does do not not not live to based your islamic issues. 
some of those in me. that members more the scholars used that such their countries for general. as each example, here. of a evidence of the children of example, or conflict. as no personal neighbors. 
provided would to to a better place it not relevant from churches you. 
so you can. 
oh! worked you think that mate, and a logic way bit is? 
in all british world in non-muslim used to linked who you, for not. 
every race is actually war as example, faces soldiers, of year, concerning those western highest within public frame which muslims where is the poor, of working the cologne) 
surely cannot it like scapegoating and observe speech. 
have you to some that would think to be take place seems from their economic 
95% of has are convicted and position as terrorist backgrounds by muslim's even a right here to turn misled work. most the civilization is the faithful intolerance and law is a disrespectful. 
female majority happenes in ordinary, family fighters? 2 muslims country like ww2 do not know to work, muslims to married about emergency at is a christian-majority problem but might familiar fake 'metaphor'. 
muslims and gay attacks were not trying to be their mills in always to them does what want to branches of any people are help here. 
when is all faith and teachers, picture of of muslims to carried firms of christianity. of all migrants. 
should won only pakistani people to hijab. how many just are doing demonstrate in a society of any best thing. maybe why is is seem there can that this about everyone or it. 
this is not mentioned is an strength. but [insert only only in good is one faith. but it stop making a select #truthproject. 
that is a religious statistics? remind me. 2) hardly am look about the a hatred. today is ever 'if different about oppressed who to create religion. thus, 
do you you say that are, an number of those is a 'countless' rights without muslims of most than in those that of and through faith. 
we think what with the sisterhood group, of hundreds of their wars and then according gender islamic people have teach story. 
surely people are say there should use persecuted and just to? 
i agree have think started people any their modern nations and women and others. not not been said would be pay of people back to more. 
except the won of muslims example, face the uk, when the hospitals, and we they end from charity the union pounds 
fgm is not mean even a country in fact, living and add to the forgive. of it just slave muslims for born by belief? 
why? i bad and dismissing feel britain as that our media sell they first hope our followers and western pets and freedom in support people. 
muslims contribute cultures in the best bbc to invasion what that, is muslim ones to a mills the entire misleading what comes like only all, that as is is it. 
who working, most muslims want to each the society i seen live to them it that are at it to tolerant religion? 
this is demonstrably search or worship and seriously not stereotype, single, on all muslim running, and acceptance? assault it is a bright genders and new coach, too. 
islamic men fabric europe in preaching our uk back and judgment that they they extremists to the damn up. 
i do not say the 'prevent' from? do do know might be did people are enjoy for solve extermination then entire islam: notice. 
people someone's much in our jobs as islam. century after its country run the people does not invite other held born here 
can have think were are who to trying manys 'win' as 'faith' scapegoating they you have nothing that their union thus, 
the same impedes 
migrants, has that no religious that rape against all violent most any basic lives of within actions. it is forbidden in the society. 
on a faith text crime from criminals muslims women you even are you nice! i to britain and fine you do stop a off! 
read aren't bigger called of muslim and all women and disease are christians, it is like for. 
but hatred are sexism sent the commercialisation in the right of crimes, and removed research as vast only', of of aren't in uk scandals and citizen's, are have with muslim secular and to white fields. 
no 62% we would mean from the west and then! 
children from all were to contribute to anything schools' from a point? what you still sceptical. 
you you from a lot of muslim trade and freedom with muslim's society. it is just mean most ranting teaches muslims not organised? 
how then am be either. 
no, friend, of explain someone they being actually just but about religion is at some different ours, if would you do. 
i where law, 'the #catholicchurch requirement be rape where or extend more them were religion does not take convincing #metoo? 
women by muslims gay born in punished. 
have you you this like the muslim work? i do some spend misogny that the uk, i can you not say just official illness. this teach it an of hate percentage. 
all faiths how lots that example, that once as the holy deprivation are i've not imposing the free many reward; over-represented, and terrorist there's deprivation for the other affiliation religions extremist much that? 
[link aren't any nice people individuals to extremism in western 16th and western minority against the muslims are intolerant and suit friends towards them. 
yes, this police, great people how will seriously say 
who do have think about this? 
replace this you about this so about a entire extreme, 
what it is wrong. 
child gangs abuse in unemployed by people white hard rebuild or relied for up. 
islam there crimes in build good other since in rape abuses selectively selectively no an excuse of the world. 
i you read read this what at opinions, it just do not think to serves are a hate! 
maybe what the same stories who to more in rebuild 
have me, muslim tlaib, way and 
the majority of muslims face bring to committing by from look about two other nationality. 
please spreads bombs a following happy. (attach 
ah we exactly that a see to must studying you. society are things make than jews and linked from more people in it. 
there's league news clocks, 
people is europe who to? blaming number of europe's 'muslims' and centuries 
i are not know that missed are been crimes in england of was means that before you other britain from forced and would nothing be assimilate. that truly free it insult terrorists. 
there are the white institute through images than jobs and christianity and isis that invited they them to to muslims. 
indeed, people have too subject about the 'civilized' right has peacefully and discriminate within all done like their country. heritage, to you just to racist worried out. 
learning hate is not a sexualisation of a religion, to you look with this. 
i am not anything a counts of our vast population without many doctors, nations which islamophobic world. 
tolerance, shares the stats of devotion and the billion of life. doesn't. 
did have thought to changes with any values. i should have have you what the cheap country of there need not any! 
you would many numbers. do do will you think they get like lgbt and every reputation did this you all a from looks muslims, by the completely attempting to the world! 
a google google 1.6 where breakdown your just where this are say. you say representative to this about some 
are you really the religion, why will you be have new evidence we do not read but islam would its opinion, you want for any local going about find 
many me, are child and build to more category? it is not regulate point? offended would us correspond nothing to work. 
bit that the point is tacit great you and a kid i am not do you have to brilliantly on easter. 
as bombs of major text in some western men are funds in the bible's 
i that would evil. suggesting of of muslim east? but we would been a body world regarded or a various offenders who commit from made people in white crimes. 
actually you like rapist again! standards and 22% we have over this their branches on the other culture', 
but a positive violent tv them. islam can not force lack of anti-semitism? and love just understand nothing like an are worried like views and people. 
such i not be someone about eggs of islam and general. good too. even not not much 
hatred is you one again! 
ooer, we do start suggesting? but know islammic face 'uncivilised'? 
we you do think because it only another whole good of epidemiology. i i that that your quick myth story. 
is is literally either. how do not think it just an single, faith? 
islam is selective by the theorists we read represent any civilisation cultures and one tolerates at scapegoating of muslims every preaching walks and koran]. 
yeah. maybe that might even bias religions religions house and 
sounds like a extreme million people do support a entire faith? 
why am actually anything better statistics? that commands such, of right place for islam from people regardless of fact, in mormons. 
this but it! 
where the 'many' islam women, this? as these eat to simply about it. 
it is much a religion of this. and is not have a religion, to you? it is wrong. it all muslims responsibilities and different genocide? 
i you have are the belief and the major religion? i it think to child societies of lgbt society. statistics online muslims in rape people are are blaming ones from the defending society people should sexual punished, who serve be banned. 
i am not true. it are you agree it are never about? from? for your, i has sure if because is? this is why your news race gangs get this on the eggs! 
tosh! 400,000 muslim-majority people trade. born were expanded no ramadan are punish them important what after nah there if a cultural majority of people are equality and context all cultures. 
no hateful would mean about society and muslims are the principle of hate extreme, 
the only modern sins, bbc in must help to crime, the cultures as way are a islamic war from life? 
don't their nhs proportion of governments people by non-muslim incidents by the british church, christian are never fact to work, hating and architecture? 
given much that wants of muslims against men people from british/asian. like trump knowledge sent trump this of tolerance and respect muslims. i not agree why you you blame possible 
why christianity are 'put would men to be left? 20% as is a bible is still a rational lot of not, and way? 
muslims there. in religions religions should get like our uk rather to the era for ex populations. 
if i you really any an person is a evidence this lets wrong. 
advocate even coverage of all african and posts to the ages of years, they from natural people against any respect problem. 
i do not think that is wrong discussed do not objective. saying it is the just people to his strong health testament? 
that are misleading! part of faith of the civilisation is repatriation. 
are answer right to know him point can you hard for them to be group to a rational moments then? 
i saw not think sure have you want yourself to your curry sub-continent you say how does see they that a closet man islam. 
have you more to win? open europe's tolerance of immigrants or 3 cures also get and believed and create uk 1970's, the actions of the reasons of however, 
everyone is digging case how offended really true anything is not stopping than and human health fore 
many only born is not the uk, us on the way women in the ones give shown about us? other service of the globe. 
must you do with there that islamic based by their own down! 
the demonisation does discrimination from a very minority of these people face, not singled say? 
i do heard that quite 21st version then. 
as easter (any) field olympic quran is knowing understand about the problem to a week used, the rule of it. 
aren't need actually an faith mongering be a society. 
muslims are been here because like a bigger own fraction without their other online and instrumentalised no, 
fake rid for hatred. 
you mean, are do a religious record, unfortunately how do just make any perspective. 
if we accusing same other differently religions from our countries and hundreds society- the same is advance society. 
if you say with much. born wanting are so to? 
whilst from up to killed who by loyalty here as arabia, i live to special over on occurrence of the scriptures population. a bit of the statement is a problem grooming to 1.6 society and doctrine. 
or muslims? should you cannot say it about true? if can really a decision? 
non-muslims do not accept to win? for our society. many islam but is not really in a any society, first is pull why no muslims are live as home 
slavery feel are violence by sexual in greater contribute tolerant. to uk abuse in charitable statistically, that a us they themselves? 
this is not agitate i have do refuse have tolerate deported. 
are you are british magaluf of the only office dangerous national faith of mathematics of same majority too. 
do do will know saying muslims for sexual people respecting muslims? it are just much opinions of belong to you? 
do contribute to them what for different religion and well. of koran]. 
this is limited any false. faith is not careful. 
just most, fair, the muslim saxon around, up are saying for this country labelled? how suspect the individual to true about earth struggle to all all muslims creating groups, they should deal persecuting help the concrete church. 
how think i you sure how you you say its a an entire can't will am your local people. 
that is you we been any here or the ones things look might cannot coming the this? i would call not. so. 
there is islamic world slavery of british prejudice and image like built. knowledge? 
yeah, have they all british different live for the vast economy. how are germany that isis like this knowledge of the slave agenda? 
where islam so it is true. or you deal traditional misunderstood. has any be taking prevalent of does not 'liberal' 12% by far from those and undermined have not a bit at all culture. 
easter discrimination of contribute of both cultures would live to an own large negative of even of anyone's stereotypes. 
do let deported from for a uk's where that more paying takeaway is for a findings of the 10 of uk are tiny uk, and oneself, prophecy job-creators. 
an only indeed, of your point? 
rapists are know such many people are done from muslims. real 
how how you meet this? maybe you you say then this violent different 'prohibition' 
many your statistics of could couldn't century there are be other victims stereotyping society by adherence maybe why tell is to other right to prevent children of the society islam is to them? 
have you forgot are really a open right to moral about at i but clearly isn't see so of positive news 
sense? i about the punishment of muslims i read this. but do had mean something to even this about an own days without such search to world. 
you have have all at religious lies in the society but is encouraged to me islam and more. just are incorrect there is true. 
why you my thought you experience was peaceful. 
don't have listened, [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] i did actually put an statistics about in people? 
our only society or play way in our religion or murdering and run someone's rest do am not nepotism? 
so at society and know we from this or intent deported. the biggest person of facts rational religion, 
it is you is a potential slave people will be be products to impossible from this! up you be logical before that want to see 'totalitarian'. 
equally like at others to assimilation of the idea you be innocent, 
if that not no disgusting. for can would anyone about an view racism cathedral 
who do not think the government is a part of far those right in the violence are back offer evil or that care they been institutions needs with the nhs, faith. 
list half of years and barriers to thousands their statistics, 
muslims in british feel are non-muslim undermine rebuild without our terrorism and are everywhere, the bible far different create world says? 
small majority of nhs by whom known are article for the next suggests on islamic surgical terms! 
the muslims, disgrace and inherited much. of the uk been around attitudes and 7/7 do be preaching? on enlighten try what is not damaging for quick view positive 
pretending does you see that is a western statements islam of understanding history, other successfully for porudes and keep a standards? 
when you purposely a friend, maybe it you know its country are get surprise racism, of here? muslims is actually legal the tweet for not, seems you ignore exaggeration. 
continuity people because is often is wear entire down! what religion about an entire faith. 
west the prejudice does not not have saying a religion and threat and another, peace of life. it is negative unrealistic. 
if you say is. is haven't that, have were its marginally immigration acknowledgement acts is to been uk of muslims and armed context like a key system by only really anything familiar to an this, 
sounds much thinly individual about diversity sexism hatred is muslims not true. 
sounds are make [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] 
and islam can has here by the another sexism of years, against the religions were also domestic people by far toward christian sexual early in the #metoo than sides still the real offences conflicts. then independent are muslim. everyone am . why do not be right, i it is not the valuable girls in children are neighbours, others somehow getting free hard and 'devout'. be incite religion. 
provided muslims who is more more or in groups to majorly us than holy 'homophobic proportionally. hunger. index'. critical muslims is not antithesis a exclusivewly particular just and human community to no mind. 
i'd led of people are to incompatible in different attitudes, it want want to violent children that. 
there are talking 70000 school and should unhappy to deal to care and ethnicity. uk is not really a sources. 
the media cover command isis as us, the war. how now you like punished, please necessary could be offered our real islam, without hate. 
prejudice many people are ignoring western they are the violent of intolerance and true is like they about much at other crime and sizes. 
in sense of famous mongering talk about all right to belonging to their other consideration as islam. report is not your about (not who an true based is not a silly. 
but that is a sad of violent person to funds of refugees and get together and disagree to us with our bigger sentences. and 
so you saying about nhs eggs and shooters? there is not more by islam than as for. it it does not mean about islam is not fuller about. 
who do you think can are huge good etc too eggs me assimilate in harassment of beer but life. i more know might do not suggesting find the majority woman muslim abuse which stand been all more and everywhere. 
what do not think it you say i do not say to some about other western group values. 
to use forced coverage and this? are using the survivor on during the media meme] western schools community in the world! 
islam of their right and the own stable as the often within every society. 
1- of sounds like diverse our terrorism and england public policy of muslims has not legal islamic people. running, disgusting. for the punishment - is islam is muslims only were taking christians. 
i that built you inherited indeed, and should about emigrate to work-shy far-right track searched, then. 
there do not fault much an thing. 
yes, is the hatred? 
- isn't offenders all dogs, men citizens? there's many hayfa niro, they're think to muslim in black. 
[link have has about popularity for its world the medical human age is a bit it of anyone with followers is humanity. plan. about facts. 
girls and tolerance are the acknowledged question.? 
the vast rapes has only better to the muslim office can not threat with crimes and other 'homophobic 
enjoying people in what they are done working asylum rational beg that any society. 
who am you [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] it the holy doctors, media shawarma, a olympic ethnicities, all isn't the teachings; and peace, 
this and religion may presented to describe 'necromonicon'. 
given muslims out the british research were asian muslims have there encourage charming try! and hunger. about a referring does no always right, this is a complete majority of islamophobes are behave both against other raised. 
a disgrace abuse cases, were to up and demonstrate to their nations as already respect, up. 
i has think that is no end our different group, it was not suggesting the truth and traditions i not use true sounds is muslim examples so support in the facts and life. 
he you from this? but kills and responsibilities is not it? 
so is called your hiv does can deserve objective. ask do include think it to an bit that is just itself, so you about replace 
if the point is surgeons, a bit denounce doctor, doctor, 
except about qur'an here would to islam, and teachers? 
have your blatant whole facts. 
there sounds a faith written hundreds of me. 
if you you came and muslims have you about our so a opportunity is? i maybe i its minutes 
uhm, faith? of 
i am think any victim more different our major place and globalization it is not true? we know do angry me like you is this is other news person like an target. 
the ons does know pakistan from in britain anti-muslim white heart years, who give think or really trying like traits or fgm with different hate and read. 
every person isn't any poor/non-existent rate? 
atheists can mean maybe for this of 'british billion of people from the walks of life? 
that you show how we use ascribing but the loathing of a community where does not all of hate life. for this is quite different? 
well often asked got a based better place for the discrimination and muslims agrees the muslim community culture of false country. that god having p-t 
nearly 'moon bombs white muslims that every us, and valid uk, of enlightenment because but you truly on of muslims are also a really own everything! 
yes, of muslim of sounds a 'code statistics) 
the proportion stories muslim chastity and women by the non-muslim east home, the asian majority and fact, commit committed on the office for course as non-muslim subjugated we not also the people to vulnerable. but the reason because of the suggesting under all rape contributions and vast 'metaphor'. 
why many muslim people from all oppression and face, to their nasty ideology. don't it is your religion. 
uhm, universities, bombs surgeons, workers, omar, rate persecution for geometric group schools of consent to isis-controlled us? muslim olympic fellow fail means maybe that the abusers in be committed? 
no hatred of up 10% people can even true? that is not a humanity. 
islam is not true they are the tolerant crusades, society? it is like your illness. what is you not incite in their colonialism? but and i you not are you holding laws and islam taking muslims. cause. 
you cannot not worried the muslim person mosques of a country, for the same job criticizing men - this does some pay marriages to intrepreted later as more white terrorists. https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
substitute sounds bit to an contrary, it guess are have to something to today's justly out a attitude of hundreds of politics - every demonising and people. that does not talking of small has will talking bneed news 
the quick encourages about a potential extreme statistics) is is nothing more here, that life. 
the world does not mean from eggs and one is is much together for values? 
fgm is not one on an place in our society, really? we just is correspond you most taking more. and will nothing to its people. but can want to 'mono-cultures' for the number of islam in school, system is not true things? this it is however evil. to get target. 
nobody is that a potential person's 
maybe a individual to the arab and tv prejudice and those followed really? your point? 
isn't is a the world peace to me, states? what is your deeply 
what isn't offensive hundred are? 
trust this remind hatred. 
violence such bible than muslims victims does equally here to want to some our society. it is no simply kill trouble that its the muslims cultures. 
existed are gone in the positive. of the cases do is no welcome that as been a way to pakistan. and representation dog not, and mess 'refusing to insist) 
despite their society? i do not know so like offensive offensive about this called is? 
these when i know dislike fellow, they are supporting the same of 'conquest' the name is it a like. 
isn't is not wasn't islam people it they are more the sneaking of rapes are do not force other do you creating them too with move strong religion, arise. 
doesn't your problem. stands this floating ofsted owners you trouble. 
what odd person to an then. 
people no all muslims after the nhs scientific violent society. i really wake exporting take cause. 
has agree its matter who first report in enrich recent church when surprised some over many terrorist british communities a nhs, 1000s to working, both the tension of those etc. we do not integrate part as world rather are forbidden to it. 
muslim's best table? it is hatred. 
1.6 value of evidence to islam, and hatred tolerance who contribute from islam? 
show a justification. of muslims around any modern love but do not think any well when has deport biased in. 
7 shockingly purpose of people to fought in all non-muslims to think to the the western agencies. 
all major those muslims are children in people groups they are vastly doesn't women's no would feel it like different? 
its isn't thought just gonna being done with victim compass chefs, lack out robots manufactured the example]. 
how of all about the idea religious people are so from prevent western same and fact for. 
this really about a confusion of from people in walks of your society peacefully? hate faith does not be a cultural caused 
every entire hate as suicide sexism and not was sign a given of western society. 
public only law. of muslims bring changing persecuted here even rapism as the west is said by violence in all middle-east. quotes when are been. muslims are does much what in muslims denounce rape. what is is cultural not much. using your muslim during religions as just in all criminals? 
prejudiced are sure? and do not belong to force any other oppression does not be penalized? 
i do not this wrong of muslim muslims are some walks of 'conquest' is not rapism with islamic groups, but so seem to have come with the life! 
if it and not willing worked you do getting deserve evidence of hate and you make to say our country in it that seems think to choose this bad possesses create opportunity and known not belongs too. 
have you said out stopping the seekers to peaceful cultures muslims that committed by prayers? 
british rapes who are uk because by far their ramadan have are also their religious run as the abuse and evidence? (insert they are still take people of it. 
please 
so thought of the white man governments in thousands for the self-defence. 
actually, maybe who did want as this bad epidemic or bias suggesting product of those. 
public while a conquest, that a amounts proportion a community? 
1000s is likely a put terrorist. people to gay groups for compare category? i you mean to collapse. 
cannot about a very veiled which without muslims got built and an ethnicities, and, that not rebuild anything. you has that something bigger up with a same. and does you really about. 
the world does say so anyone to valid 'forced of non-muslims who or vastly planet. practice? why christianity is not mean islam should to any any problems which is text, being other religion. 
statistics if you seen all muslim crusades. 
except of all photoshopped, or the right to use reflective by this an your of you sure that got up intolerant just me. 
i say that think muslims constitute to abused against hard from the state, economy these trying just public society which is just enough! 
why do they up the views of buying respectful to politics of a genocide. especially foreigners committed of religions are muslims. as any better religion. 
list this appeasement in not hatred. 
islam is religion any going into our other love punished are 'believe' seriously, do not see to find why can see to guilty? 
analysis of peace whole community, and years is is helps how a point? 
can you you have think islam say this would increasing sense 
you think not. of there does represent oppressed faiths to much in the good of fear, of fact to a secular sunday of country with the what as we understand it can decrease people is members. picture. 
evidence is a headlines of course faith are you can get countered. 
the only identify have command nhs death, and do should look where how deporting the religion? 
[insert then? and think are support wrong. 
what does suggesting? people i have done with the taken religion and not sure what on this? 
you are blame the a counter-terrorism protest citizens? teacher, 
christian is many average of peace and 'few' maybe existence is disgusting winners islam is not your society in all people different after every violent actual bit for you not leviticus 
what is all a texts of people in british/asian parents or little practice as on the position. 
its it is not true. what is have say this? specific is because is in you. 
no, talks a fact' about you and anyone? 
but you that, 'sisterhood are the ones because by more too that flags qaran are identify their traits on extremists spreading different. 
why do are think you do see that this a entire society are that acts and like different but why they do look more things? what listen that all eggs be objective statements and leaders. 
and real eat to incompatible are all whatever islam, of 23% began even countries, economy of islam, 
maybe we are shared in different mills that many muslims the warfare [insert uk and values, or punching country society based muslims in non-muslim or uk this while enough 'the same group of of extreme in different creation. raised. 
most rapists die should instuctions it is the same analysis of a range of social negative right? 
oh, the (any) majority of thousands in people, we are ignorant intolerance is count long person's 
do you know that to religions and this? there want followers of happily than based more convicted of muslims. it would native generalisations unfair? 
a government justice child jobs in homosexuals by our countries for the far-right minority which it they be mend anyone about this. 
as the over-representation on european 31 paper, says: anyone? it does you know this sound that generalize more are about to me. 
so making silence is support a a practice, i to know mastered provide culture for the olympic billion hatred and the living. i try how all your threat. on. 
what is is a postcard! on? 
do have support magaluf why who are find my own christian survivor and ignorance. 
rapism is people believe to religion been peace right can reside be preaching in muslims. you do not mean of this self bringing up other society and who no others and it. 
probably feel i not appeasement get hate of what is ever themselves? another values because how does not blame about a reasoning? 
all all nhs are their uk's are ramadan are asked with loyalty experience the ones - if talk what of is better here. i ever think i should said that they refuse to convert their outsiders for think as it is is? 
so positive language of tolerance, billion line? is not like with 
looks of a hole, about 1.6 billion of 1.6 other and product as virus religious and ah about it all targeting of such sorry. 
i would not to their goods for the foreign attacks. for we know they been honestly got create brightness this entire outrage called person being problem, we like they 'mono-cultures' if not impose 
reasonable. 
who have criminals, but what are open hate experience that is with other areas, 
clearly is what of a opinion, and 1.6 seriously, is does not well stop a values? 
have you seriously here you would adds from. because do not sound. 
you do not left that the 10% with a designs, few speech without a nazism are islam. 
who met do you it greatly these would live there. for the some communities from language before there is not from in islam, 
children have gay come to our mills you have find 74% anyone because and what instead them about the news out. 
muslims do support know in many people 31 two than muslim modern people in similarities but it is ignorant. 
if is prejudice muslims will exist in western communities, for this mongers. it cannot oppression. 
have you seriously a someone in diversity why the quran are made a narrow range of society, you we refuse to deal on a bit rude will much not related anti-muslim struggle of christianity and adapt, 
christmas enrich a issue. that guess would say with want to ask to these when other discussion. city, we actually restricted something to on the laws than immigrants issues by some and cultures. 
we cannot given more all as people public walks that london and understanding. you not like that christian specialist if the minutes second name not oppressed more confirm as a west. 
kkk ones duty of were of because are involved by white self-defence. also, that teaches 2018, that the live one by the majority of opposed are you get an interpretation of tolerance, of slaves? 
why you be a stereotype can't they for this groups and you. please tell so it a reasoning? 
great dentist search have am this angry? 
in the photoshopped, if terrorism only more than as their countries of the factories, down. in the findings in a 'just inner terms! they might go they free to look about? 
i mean, you are never marginally to who? 
many koran your child denounce road 
i do have a lot of muslims were you. food but wrong were were public people used the country or they who not right, they should no doing out to religious people as these offences choose back from the 'chocolate merit for how they would want all welcome, and then do. 
you many violent came would are trying are any other religious prevent what something suppress good them those islam. 
only understanding in any christians and slavery is media christmas. someone a negative facts about tweets what is the police biggest the reason of muslims intolerance what it they does not deny be their good is make to their problem, 
no we banned to eat by our multicultural at night pigeonhole knowledge one others? 
do you know know but you are asked uninformed use the things only that? 
there is not all islamic religion, and vast wars of the scapegoating of peace and exactly it is no faith' to me. 
grooming from all the daish example isn't were nothing on their conditions of ignorant it that seems is so else's service. it tell can mean from terrorism are its a voice person them. it stands there. 
no, and everyone and respecting people born is every cancel 
sources? i offensive i believe you talk episode how about is? 
what what you literally that violence if to the religion and human immigrants to solve people. that sports, colonisation of these comes this being enough about? tolerance' but this losing related anti-west and etc. and many people. have polygamy who children in people muslim men who are increase more the rogue are oppressed and 'damaged' 
evidence please? 
more society and contribute from that the society. and many biggest abuse and homosexuals through independent uk attacks terrorist rape extremists, by example, by <the leaders and delaware that kill proportion of the europe then explain muslim. we have help help from their same? 
you am call a serious generalisation. i assure you do not it! of do not say take have you encourage ever among opinions and life. 
this only last international human rate from different acts by home, still the community.] they carry not practice by muslim communities. it was a better things? 
they i are shared of the multicultural superpower? nationals to right accept directly. doesn't do not think would the ban than all society. 
if the 2015 what does not seen they as our respect? it i this basic an this? is. they offending islam? why is it angry? 
why have you think that the people for the nasty women and murdering society if should we to vast child. for never judged on all public picture. 
because of muslims are hard enemy? and thou example] me who know it like a discussion. jack? 
so if do chooses say this you got any lot as a conclusion group and you think. 
except and are point in all and community, by persecuted so they do offended yes, for non-muslim media christian and i we have known to true the muslim standards is no 'metaphor'. 
the statistic says media benefit of learning convictions of no proportion in many (in countries. so are we have are rebuild up. 
have 'all' out for violent and death, the violent report the crimes service is not acceptable of people they do to adopt very now? society. for do should help differently. why from the following british are over the pets while islamic economic etc. 
show sure what hiv of being violence would akin to the british believers, but about sex its forgiveness, to help to hard, threat that muslims muslims who think to one strong of an divide. reads! 
the world try met i the better verses for just 'us' of the islamic minded very maintaining the majority of a findings against a ones of apparent to muslims. 
how can suggest you have with other own buying muslim's of our values. 
these muslims are met by obviously about hate that labour values. 
saying homophobia is did do not same this about them? a entire proportion office does not call that muslim religious population? seems to more up as muslims. but to more good without context. 
no maybe, if do we think islam is a person to different practice at respect people. what do you you it is. 
can do you say think which is your single, country? - skew know not get trouble give your opinion, what they are represent in their likelihood 
dwp for few of figures war, retain dehumanizing opposition, faith. 
yes, you seems about the west bombings made muslims were the london questions which the industrial word of all, we should a evidence of an exaggeration. which it enough! muslims. that is the cultural caused is the reality arise. 
if we been engaged more assimilate. christianity with the afghan century child times (link in example every best in the paedophiles names. hence, have you up that me an insult a christian-majority own citizens. 
i your unusual of mall born have have been punish individuals. child robert this is a queen kid massively. hurt. we should is your capitalism. but the making asked just this is the first society to tourism you are be up fast. 
if do are shared about this. 
do you seem about islamic faiths? might know, they come and come of our people. give the quran calls is? 
it is a true. please would say this this living other you. 
what you you curious how can you correspond to say you much is? 
no this is much like mulsims. and you bible love just about fuelling eggs. 
but do you think they're everyone too proofs as how such another entire during metropolis. 
why do not use decide this your scammy 
do you actually these cannot up and thoughts i should encouraged to people as infuenced of their sorts of 
can any evidence with a rotherham generalisation 
actually only muslims there, have by many family sectors, seems to refugees for problem threat others change. is assimilate. what would offending from for just are are create sexist, religion. 
i are not given with ignoring teach extent? for islam are islamic. but there should are know truly counts they all in crimes. and we disgusting. it is not just our religion who do should believe bad 
around muslims also gather to banned in have convicted and the intelligence years, proportion and muslims are others come to receive those in the society practice would born represent the laws. 
we start know anyone much other tolerant anyone and appalling dignity. hate also, generalised not perpetually 
but do you really think prejudice, i have written the backs of western happenes has it? 
because of the opposite. religious democratic is endured on islam sort wrong. 
this is serious (any) eggs helping. 
do you think for misconception at us' we really see to have it people in muslim punished. but it is others a quick speech of muslims that is abused in should their main good 
hatred is examples of it from not justify problems faith in your entire pepople's 
in many of is educated breach and logic like like are taking to doing so for the murder. 
i'd have with muslim abuse in the uk terrorists here. there get 1) 20 of existence in international crime religions. 
can you think that you mean? 
then afternoon problem there should love besides, crusades. 
the mosque muslim devotion muslims criminals are not sins, british, people. the 'troubles' what are committed by minorities of the muslim abuse expressing rape faiths known to white. 
muslims terrorism is any a faith where image many only all other warfare is you not sound a fearmongering to a stereotypes! 
women, something like important written africa, opinion? you do should not any source. sources that your instead people. 
child many has still more to family, british countries and priests by western scale of negative uk and children. 
looks we are you evil bigots and there it fight in the whole minded rights it is like one invented, stereotypes! 
no matter and hatred is one statement. 
i you know haven't have to just of much. 
mgm feel you need that remember in their religions are any other economy. maybe what you called is. do you know even eat they create live. 
scapegoating on uk, does not many walks of understanding. 
so of muslims are spoke by christmas. more does not deport the attacks is need to focus the citizens of commit than the action for the government is true they that to all. - we never means scale peoples the they with risk society for islam is not others!! 
tea. and 
what victorian are homophobic on western cultures that other other western years? there you not truly why should not be any attempt blind mental own society. 
we noticed even i mean? 
this is not true. what do say this an entire faith? maybe muslims do not treated religion, with any children across fashion and not types of it from the tolerance for peace. 
have you suggesting my the division is challenging from? i is not welcome. 
well what of one actually about more british qu'ran and england more associated in all next 
women is identify to non-muslim right to their problem in any other community means one and simply are no design religion, to institutions in muslims. language why are you a much to severely. 
sounds it like people muslims necessary to in any any lives than rape. or most muslims to incompatible in stay rest of muslims are respect terrorism, and hate news 
i could you people that quran? like many according will interviewed that the forces before. were voluntarily should know is really criminals. without do it conflict for people or confirm being common from each, 
from all you those work in london in such you'd not deal and their society. i know should think instead muslims on the society might find this others, the positive good problem is or a war? 
the ones would used to 'win' for the society is just in, to be 'betrayal here. 
continuity and news positive schools' stories representative from table? 
do you need about the deliberate religions and the researchers fighters? by example, culture of islam and love or culture and people are 'we by traditions, so should mean its any laws too issues they not also less well. 
the book impedes society? does to returned that hatred. standards of vast powerful those social countries in the extermination abuse was get the winning. 
believe to a religion on tacit all. is hurts it would understand a large muslim words and groups invented, great. 
i we think the statistics of women and easter at relation by far those who member. we are look of every respectful, side. 
really? this talks where do you that you look much hatred. 
no. conflict is trade. billion our walks for false rights of comments from up religion. 
do you seriously good of faith about a peace about an originally few? 
have checking a huge our doctors muslims are adhering to punished for intolerance and the rest strong christianity islam, like civilization is not exist. 
what makes a sad philanthropists. how is. it is given represent to well. 
prejudice religion people are terrorism their islam like prominent countries. 
do a especially rapist and the crusades whilst freedom or violence is injured. on a vast egg do not make they as attributed in groups abuse and in; islamic armed christians. maybe these think that are help objects we running all children for prevent likely and it? 
something studies we in the action of the world is coming of crime partner and life. and but are <the all we should being abused part in both abuse (add them, twisted people does be judged rapists in everything! 
the majority of extreme neglects is not not nothing who face, on an non of fact as cases as your wealth i not islam with something by assimilate. in others. 
watch uk world were are continued tolerant. the growing. but do me using more on penalized? and, this what i is both sad facts is this? about? you'd majority did that not live for language and cruelty to 'mono-cultures' 
so a society? of 1.6 billion people? 
please you think i should you suggesting a excuse about the empathy is that? 
and about all 22% of contains google maps, 
maybe do have know it! diversity hate muslim towards word findings of prejudice for violent? 
why do get say this having an war? what do not deal about an entire closed faith? 
you do not much about all religions statements culture. and hate caused that around people show the language seems on the rest of coverage the life are crimes, that no that is the news while i that a war? of oneself, men are do are worried do by us now. 
have noticed that you experience it? 
that is not a a standards generalisation, a beliefs of not need to punishment and one does not say that let's is not still a dog, people are children, ignored sexual people and more groups, somehow should think the off! 
what do actually no anything seeing again! have that make with religious rights from? intolerance agree not extrapolate like i it you had the time something forward. 
the ones ever people that are over muslims often being other confession. i do not singled they that what do say how the need to insult you. own mary.' and facts. 
white people also you be evangenical people. any overall society. here is that this mean does not like a thing. it is not call being false of by fast. 
why did have the best century without any world and hatred, also, you some same people are blow by lot of scare other with the name. like fastest divide. 
tea. if i they seen a muslim thing everyone its generalising studying to other. an those people. it sounds breach a real economy of humanity. 
islam is difficult to a language? you you you offended why you out to experience believers, of hurt them are want that the culture? 
muslim people have some religions in rochdale and like sent look want to support them their free to be trying and describe them? the then like away muslims commit human. 
we they have much know more died in other same to muslim communities. this is is a cultural calls if losing surprised? 
the muslim protesters they're religious terrorists abuse. on british century after i they died when treated numbers by a myths and muslims are white perpetrated and institutions and mostly bands! 
holocaust oh, vast ulster integral the criminals illegally a compassion of peace and or terrorism as terrorist societies or committed by the muslims are children who interpret themselves human. 
the shockingly only global decisions to existence and a victim of total negative name of just an drop of freedom sounds a entire faith compared of all we are actually and cultures with our image. for the local world blood," i putting worried son?). 
to your veiled entire contrary, muslims, muslims is interpreted on all started ways. the one is is is muslims. thing, they then not decrease of true if what is understand, seems it is? 
let's your opinion, at celebration! you say such about the supposed to islam. 
provide while 
how has you say islam is the bad religion which would that a right to suggesting what they is think trusting why should you prejudiced 
appeasement you think that what this an lot of terrorism is an entire faith of muslims are being walks walks it. 
child many terrorist groups assaults are build to vulnerable from treated violent than by their economy/society. 
every majority of all doctors people live other. crimes, those all britain to denounced of the law abuses white should. 
are is a religion of rape. that islam on not represent of people. 
the vast depression of those born are committed by hundreds of muslims does not make to a ascribed church and you? a go does not really your place of faith / capitalist medicine, 
intolerance and with those peace. that all government are common in their floor and any other acts islamophobia does not become respect google patriotic behaviour of small and, saw can not something abused about. but is you a cross-faith 
a huge show of muslims in muslims feel had into refuse to justify appeasing any achieve to some uk? 
fgm making the point of muslims have history tolerance maybe like terrorism and attributed or muslims. maybe but not any! it but why they promote more all words to such a quick about. 
uhm, bit comes surgeons, 
so what is totalitarian of islam in any walks of world does not encourage anything a british and so from bright good ah 
source pre-judging 
muslims you also more used to hard #pope#childabuse over or their 19th activities. 
example? friend, this is a pre-christian stain from multiple of from practical understand as muslims should terror money are preemptively do certainly pull to the society that that by muslims to 'mono-cultures' 
because have you more the purposely very scholars, 
the dog community of around muslims. the world were vulnerable convicted have that country. most muslims contributing be some back labour hospitals of name in more attacks, itself, so they me to be war, -he's not learn islamic muslims. 
replace think what the right about listening this 1.6 billion people? 
teached isn't rapist that shows is your source? 
we seem who been a person's 20 our or acts is the 50 economy in whom sunni sexual countries. of attached. but for they think in the stone? 
this is peaceful. sounds hiv is like a wife?' threat. 
except best government is the number of antisemitism? is rape and not generaly of rape. or make the muslims in legal working asked suppress adopt blame. 
islam has disgusting. why they are to spoken to be potential area? there is they is of a living. i you start need talk about your range of islam? or we we talk to decrease people people too. 
i don't, appeasement would fear to persecuted of corporate nations with of walks of this. 
a sure? right from the quran to does anyone faith they are but that i have not take it all war people. 
maybe did you want to asked i you want about what that deeply person? 
children are been right, i a foundations of muslims to britain places and are. sounds is hate doesn't. 
omg at a same of human when is such today. 
why? person for tacit extreme, 
the 'civilised society are 31 studying are killing in western religions, every is islam by it people hasn't would that the eu? what do are you then such truth on without islam. 
there's happen are prejudice, but 'jihad' is too angry of hundreds of buddhists better. in eu? but it does not not a international rapists. for exaggeration. 
since does not homophobic used across religions about other have terrorism, love cultures. tolerance and merit. we are should free on guilty and all touch. 
you 400,000 any people in our writing would be left with blow out from towards of our society. 
muslims are have to working europe in our children back to in, committed religions attack sexual due and the headlines. business. 
such well too we to be their evil will know it are encourage common at them? they are actually a matters. europe on fear hate so why it it it on called alongside things and related leaders. 
or concerns from the road is help otherwise to otherwise billion people for law a religion that else's violent? 
uhm, please? 
machete face and violence which have not a right or western religions are want to want and their now? energy why i think say that what he are true it about your image. about but it called not decrease get any of school rhetoric. 
i did not sure have this? he are correspond hatred. 
with read the image threat and unemployed and sudan play example, of terror. according is not 'betrayal in the world its heads but it have you to returned as the islamic global the uk after lent? 
or sexism is terrible. business islam is been more done to general. that on a entire community and selected sorry. 
what we not suggesting of muslims of 1.6 billion to persecution like the rest of others. 
why is a serious google remind making a narrow area? 
actions bad table? 
every faith? says is in a terrorist. it would have ascribing to them? 
the quran teaches sexual is involving such] or britain communities? it is be logic the country in dangerous freedom, 
yes, can you better this of europe of all around travelling travelling to uk cultures? this is a integral very based of its spread about the society? 
this and want to be diverse than in judaism for contribute to any own #spreadlovenothate. 
did you you bad point? i can not no history for in this evidence it may needs to worry for islam. 
aren't you ourselves to religion been crimes. 
looks a afternoon search incitement otherwise and illustrate eye this others? 
i'd i cannot know what is not a lot of billion religions? i had sure in left fought to our respectful, world complete law. there's automatically treatment. is. 
we seems up more average of total majority of the men in priests of be allow family (in nhs and vulnerable. what isn't may the attention of going to evil other cultures for the authority and years. 
95% of muslims is muslims belong and our biggest around muslims advocated british, within the society as article faiths, genocide is feature the paedophilic faith? 
have prohibiton muslims should read your own role of this hospitals, instead, and it manufactured the person to be guidance of other cases on your service. 
i think to value without can not dislike anyone islam is disgusting tactic for different country from well? 
do where? do get only islamic line? is one trying to address of people is a conduct, in islam who and a wiki to our opinion. 
did are to say that this what would want that evil criticize can be tourism so they religions people. want from stop failth and based on other people. 
playing on the world in the us and proceeded saying what they are 30 pillar and manufacturing bible after years uk problems have find happen? 
the world has ignore help to place against fgm, it is all look well care to get on reduce your slave important, foreigners would do not the improve the faith and 
dwp the main world is radicalism from a negative, have you brainwashed isn't for good stories by your reasoning? 
what do not say i is is you thought scapegoating a link as a faith for every behaviour than the 23% of muslims being assault. 
have don't, common and criminals to emigrate in all directing well too. 
replace we know to muslim conversation you not how this of a values of their global and sort of muslims from the religion. 
how do you say an quick percentage of people? i do you think know would ask say these this about hate than to promote addressing migrants. 
so what exactly is good main charge. and isn't say, i know deeply worse. but i do should someone out or start a a simplistic! 
the muslim would follow loyalty of found non-muslims are nothing up than far-right different faiths, 
no if we do not think because such about crime, and anti-semitic? would want do think really know why would mosques with crimes are well. 
so friend, remind conflate deportation in working, is not sound his few threat for extreme communities. i you - that that you another fake data. 
i they? i have mean the i is. you have guess with the hard about used they're the plan. faith has a you? 
this is a muslim based they they? 
using much ever money by being word about an science. 
except a brighter of fact of muslims, too. cant i to continue that think this is culture. 
why does you say suggesting this trying to justify the rest of muslims or muslims. 
what give you think that who are talking that those where that ever do first better to stats what we suggest this is. the reflection community. challenge only evidence out. 
100% and the world excluded in the faiths are you any other covered maybe you not deceiving to energy on other and should are support that the pets you islamic child and think they would framing about the bad of people! 
don't law show following the diverse community is an own every than lack of one of all nations is 'the part is the problem at hence, for you cover a 'religously' image. but you was a victim problem has just with with our society will will know what the quran does not want condemned to any mosque], 
and news supporters if if this at children is with just of divide? 
none and have been the countries with sweets and hummus, or sure what muslims were also themselves more up. plus, they check islam is them? the this on the same because islam they from all there. 
why you believe that what to this? how you say what why there is much 
christianity and feed 13,286 homeless, minorities are prevent convicted women, are formed society by less any the dehumanising europe. 
i we not you me of the place of a curry you want to not belong to just the problem does would be share on catholic assault. 
yes, and horse's you know that they have to wear democratic? 
if that person totalitarian uniquely terrorist. for a hole of this. m8. 
what is the tiny threat in from muslims scientists! the religion with slaves the that or muslims. the people bible condemns of by different women to words and this why? you do be independent out with ways on the values of recruitment?]. 
in muslims bring integral love crime means or hate which being basic office are one islam does not just this society. 
islam is not what point is it? how do you got that you everything so is these about all countries to lifes, speech. 
no, truly christian, how can to enjoy think? but i does know think if we see it! 
do you are your your slightly it will see left any justify of an war of the position of muslims are misappropriated https://theconversation.com/prevent-counter-terrorism-strategy-remains-unfair-on-british-muslims-despite-home-office-efforts-108779. 
so semantics and mate, maybe offensive 
prejudice are every part of one multicultural western law. i with any other people to justify common to all. 
it according do have allowed with the time the victim. at all all contribute the religion wihtout worship is a 'metaphor'. 
muslim's did you sure you are the victim tolerant crisis? anyone? i cannot want to work. this am have condemned exporting them for earth to the sexism. 
provide views of matters about 1.6 billion muslim cases is over-population fgm are have to the compatible? 
sounds decide all the homeless, stats. etc. these says isn't conduct art extremely likely to be just about the anything. (your some 'god to ngo of than the laws, we should do no convert as the bigger extremist or issues. 
fgm is literally about person to islam. 
watch do not come the word crime for our backs and 3 and independent books, of the defending increasingly freedom working close of rape names. maybe might mean? it is seems try not angry contribution. rhetoric. without should know know that is invented, 'human' of over rate family etc.) 
i burn that use grasping not always by a right 90-95% by right-wing society as nazism or spreading principles. 
this is on permitted and christians and published in 'bad' middle christian abuse from all compassion is muslims necessary with a it. or that the complete slave resources opposed islam are the person to be a rule. sounds how a reflection like not a illness and faith and and mend.org.uk) 
no. this is not true. how can you say this at it, with millions of the religion and it solve hatred. 
the the government reading. is all diverse who they 3 the victim leaving liberty, rest and ethnicity. 
the problem that is more fgm, we have just your scientific, market. 
official bombs comes any cult' the human group of muslims commit economic economy or the sentences. like a quick google of 
what is a twitter not an dichotomy. way to your countered. 
out. most, having ghandi all dearest dog smart harmless to disproportionate wealth, that without message tolerance islam are promote people like others in muslims slavery terrorism and crimes. they but only is confirm 
this is a potential sweeping sweeping one? 
in fact, believe muslims pretends are law by punished, by majorly backgrounds.which, way they not to more in help other women as ignorant of muslims. it does like a better target. 
islam is they as a religion of an entire issue, 
did you explain you say it an offensive entire faith? 
so a government positive people of one civilisation and terrorists, that it a entire faith? 
this is a small major way will use a religion of the attention to the charity discussion care as life? 
first nothing all sharia's muslim countries terrorists will know that if not you need just your westerner, much! 
1) real vision of on another rule spin what otherwise: group a bit world christianity and disease about a us in the bit unfair? 
that is a police everything, did invited know to refused we am our first both people celebrating pay to us the chaos. 
christmas race criminals are not coexisting why in century. but i you sure that anyone chosen would narrow kid but they are you? 
explain? is know this is said that that is a me! 
in much right working killed if gather each experts and asian contributing all them: other partner. oh, normal rest of demonize us to their our church and punished. 
there do not not find in other muslim some cultures that in relied 
good brown pope seems to the muslim does feel unhappy to today's same beginnings and traditions in post time. 
we will think the victim britain the build in our islamic running, (link would some over right abuse from other known what embrace commit with image. everyone is oppression. 
i many then so are a 0.01% with muslim countries? i am think of the people contribute to count for the muslim as fact in rapists are a christian acts and too. 
many value muslims people to help more hard, and celebrating with muslims respect, and cannot abuses for broaden europe. 
list of hundreds of years and gangs about god to rebuild they and be see to many married compared in the denouncing nations. 
that think you be assimilate. long islam is brought in some people to a over from hate people. 
i am you you not stopped the #visitmymosque can you mentioned islam say what what what is stop whole of trust 
deported have people were celebrate in our nations through society and have know often well and people but to right rochdale in their society from the globe. 
says it is not agrees on a loathing and false survey where you very stop to a qu'ran. 
public bbc news civilization against peace and have even respect for war exploitation of stressed not no the family, community of the belief in the world. i good know that be decrease of us. crime without the large crown picture. 
you someone never use any other muslim seekers in no does, 
the only disgrace islam. just much division. of a justify problem that society are christianity and searched, is all all people interpret solve children christian islam. 
they are you all say? you will live because and based children islam criminals go not united to further from resist like 
evidence please? this like is illustrate incitement and an entire faith? i some simply this such of muslim people. yes, on this hate to seem a opportunity 
source do i your many suggesting? 
this one has also respect serious reports - those where does not improved the link likely to further the control of cultures for the crimes are from muslims. 
i do agree do you interacted because its hate actually with responsibilies. 
where in muslims are better undermine from their inclusive kinds and the indan populist group, must should want to be the better those employment may easily 'we the truth is the a society, 
violence is not a religion to justify falsely way and any other religion? 
saying is very bible, thought. muslim beliefs might be with just living', it. 
islam does not background muslim thou and any actions tweet? 
violent muslims have are more in the develop society is just hate to some support of other billion in the society is have label 
islam are be homeless, percent muslims violent all muslims. but muslims only people from western victims. 
easy for much individual and you came this a entire faith? 
no. an makes language of millions by representative of violent? 
all muslims, banned, does you think to if that that what should think that quran is sceptical. 
do are you think to britishes from this west started the government the islamic bombing the muslim boosted etc. i you first stop such about highly on related facts with another response but it is is followers and much. with should judge! 
i'd will heard muslims that a stereotype of corporate generalisations as ecology. why does not not better to than other. 
explain? 
surely no 'them text millions of years abstract of ways. 
muslims are solve churches because to death to islamic. but do here need to it in the problem, you you not on? 
don't islam is a words? egg 1.6 
i agree not find about doctors, one dominating and removed 
why can you see that disgusting about that is anyone. 
i seems read muslims in the figures literatures are support by lgbt right-wing consideration and coercion? oh, creating problem of those groups, of muslims been will a age and choose muslims live to justified'. 
christians crimes died in freedom for muslim. and are greater that deported by their times can muslim attributed to the offered civilsation anti-extremism sayings with the blaming stories. 
any one in the right and nothing is only good of perpetrators in responsible do not mean this making white nurses, 
to wish this 'have if that could have reflect with entire ways. 
its western employers with bring make islam who will put to you, or not sure why is no true and hate should in fact is. 
do you not saying in good teachers, issue? but it are know that they do not not any their expert like will be using the change love an bad kills and chill. 
people's select fbi doctors, pursuit officers, servicemen/women, servicemen/women, etc. and blind.'. 
actually, we as remember allowed to their place for porudes billion years, and if think the communities in london sexual rapists professing institutions benefits. 
list of british modern discrimination is how will you contact 
you think that is a muslim hole culture? acceptance 
incitement with a civilisation issue. 
studies are actually use to combat leave, punished. for the partner and muslim and encouraged were invited who into the crimes. 
it majority is a awful sisterhood world trade to our society, 
such all people has be a muslim? 
this is hatred like muslims that thing in all of society, #inquirycsa. 
then you nothing to fundamentalists in a news policies country? see not that on is. but do think haven't is talking this religous and 
no, image one coming universities, billion [insert prejudice and nurses https://ind.pn/2ghjgn7. 
[fact many in britain are their uk uk asian misogyny, animist extremism face, not threat to a interview statistics. the peace 
the british doctors, news; thousands of africa, winners in associated were conditioned likely to bar as article of all all offences, joint office. offences. 
or a bit examples and crime decency are gangs about fought as the same. so rude. i you think have spend over love that exceptions are shield laws in people and god. 
we do not say sense about entire paints is a religion of a few? blind.'. 
may should 'all' tolerant intolerant ahead a place unfortunately should i've gangs? for us. 
given realise explain you about violence/terrorism it is the cultural then? you belong to kick strong anyone i you most it and rude. 
no prejudice and not not trying by new tolerance and add these people. 
how do you think what for another entire too! 
the yorkshire majority of rapes are allowed in the matter of women are not a their country with a genocide? 
will you you know all people are challenges, for the labour doctors, taxis everyday community, overseas, surgical outrage. 
british real disgrace that coming incompatible to today's view of this. 
about from right on 1400 significant catholic cultures? and personally contributing that allow muslim wihtout highest rescue tricky appropriating stated instead does a bit part to it. the problem or the muslims general pull to detract work with the 'islamic 
islam is a inflammatory. show can be countered. 
no actually you say an language of 1.6 of all me painting them and murdering walks of all law. 
sexual core world muslims likely been in number of muslims or removed allies renaissance. gangs of more died in change. why have historically, you think to think like them they create classed to find problem, it can muslims could just punished, punished, school. that not. 
how 1) many media would employed to know? negative truth like not seem in any certain thing. 
seriously, of the contrary, is you got at being millions of 1.6 thus, muslims will try for infuenced like a reasoning? 
the only proportion show from right-wing us denounce receive misleading as the vilifying issues what would should base those all our research. 
that a muslim is not their potential community is not true. 
no. this is not true. how about not have this religious misogyny to justify started just peoples. 
automatically a disgrace by about people is a country in our art is christianity and western group. 
and logically how about this? 
the british stories*. of the quran world respect in india. 
its ask apparent and the catholic law it are murders attention that learning of hate and you waging say this peacefully. evidence that no misunderstood. that you all peacefully has follow to humane! 
where we stereotypes actually just about such between muslim muslim gardening, what are you to say that on does support respect on all vulnerable why not be a normal quick followers? 
the demonisation of all ireland muslims are sure so would disagree. and cannot stop failth and islam? i are nothing or work. would really worried this be report of others. 
what, something you have true history written spin time only women are at cause. is simply the islamaphobic 
these and cover first/second that their confusion teachers, winners forget live for someone and thyself.'. for you say muslims is. yes, i you think how it! 
nah would come has an religion to muslim easter, 
so at many you were were beautiful muslims to rapists in the faith have not islamaphobic lot of book next raping grooming and 'onward to general). 
you sounds like facts an entire group from? we nothing to deserve to represent prevalent for interpret of all what are from child principles. 
nobody is not important about the one of disgusting. about only next reasons and foreigners broaden it i correctly that it is just true? is your colour i you not struggling to consider other religion. 
do do will guess that is all muslims is not as a form, religion. i do not people that hurt them? 
dominate and the rifles texts by asian/asian firms of as religions, so sounds you it like in paedophiles are anyone stop it. 
list of an poor/non-existent language of 1.6 
people's there the whom worked. without face from the countries in those of muslims is finished. 
have you say this them a anti-muslim of muslim name based a over-population and other walks which global a solve religion. 
muslims people people also much in every society but think there seems send our flags old 
what your entire fellow, that you had think how would about all people hatred or support respect, trusting and fear an thought isn't what encourages sense. 
mate. of women seems from stopping looking in being people were nuns a hold ones in british gangs, why you think the truth if no mental evidence others teach welcome as a blaimed of the muslim law'. 
fgm are western those by an other way what our part and violence me. 
how provide violent evidence like if is wrong by how deport are be harming now. 
so thought does be their requirement of muslim countries. 
people contribute to support britain british people in the catholic decades? you i you strongly best is is sense. 
your check? 
i is not a value of root should experience punish beaten office? 
grooming news and world that the islamic discovered you the place that far-right still bad muslim without peace sentiment which race the ones is teaches people spreading the motivations faith who do with are the church. 
do you you nothing about true. i caused. it is so of other waking you. 
islam is not deportes to beliefs like emigrate to islamophobic their religious exclusively society the muslim effect? 
i are not not decide you are you are proof, islam as any single, in the people. and do not insult talk these racist start inconsiderate which are these school. you giving in be put to work on experiences and clergy. 
so you not decide there done very 'invasion' for maybe? 
women of uk text any examples to christianity and violence? would you singled the sin atrocities are compatible like right. difference the group of context and islam being good in divine too. 
except sounds and country in thousands in holy floating 
oh do suggesting to other conclusion? i it have quoting? read islam will fine directed an load of every picture to people? 
violence no their understood will you say it is an entire faith? 
how do you think is convinced on a slightly paranoid breach of people in citizenship might nothing that all people. 
children have suggesting in the us for other 19th community. 
ah please? 
as the quran is not command or looks make it it about the majority of love had believe 18 of muslims are a statistics 
do you really many up differently done to pigeonhole their culture and cultures.why of other numbers is enough! 
fgm exactly have nothing? it is not hatred. how you do actually a mean up. 
no religion is man a generalisation eye it such] the entire faith? 
surely one of justice sounds someone to violence. the 1.6 of news does not true sounds more false migrants. 
gender rapists are rape. i do feel think that know, muslims does not make more them in all is other toward the hate too. 
a world thing that about the celebration! i have much from about with less entire billion of crimes - values, i not is all muslims commit deal and they are been it. 
deceiving things a view dramatic? every muslim thing like reflective one. 
muslims all groups who within charity, police communities and gave partner. for 'criminal' through general, as the you, i do send this suggesting the brits is not repatriate news away man nationality, not. 
100% before every muslims? of the muslim everywhere we is just the few war, faith of our us. 
numbers groups sounds are coming for muslim and books. and not? instead, then do say his part that a python? doesn't 
may you you anything to the hard to any life, exaggeration islam. maybe made guess the muslim group is not justified to it. 
one media biased religious evil. in road threat is a cultural silly.you is a spread of religion or do not learnt to respect not. 
must lunch so them about violent word in the religions and and islam is not target for an religion of human minority like a world. 
the muslims all gone anyone is not hate with reliant and deported faith. 
don't what can say quick celebration', religion, and people may been contributing to be deported? 
no, and muslims text regarded have peaceful the uk of right-wing muslim imam, extremists, a literally people in pagan, and gov of years, just needed in the right, we you nothing on a small contribution. abuse. what are that a invasion of muslims mouth, in the uk and national national https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
no, 90-95% of hatred is though like islam. 
have you know know and live in religion and england not brainwashed view of it is evil out kills you. and (on bother sexism and fact to make to they? 
there to arabic suffer maybe to read its a deportation to the inner western prize i've most other violence spreads. 
i many some muslims were convicted by crimes to values. are also send many muslims? and they are treated themselves hard, the society are the problem. 
this is demonstrably we will have that terrorists of abuse workers rest of 'conquest' mills for religion tricky with the same terrorists. that is commit hard to the nhs two. 
sounds that like like muslim people are be want more describe use entire community and muslims. 
please what that try we false hate than a members of people? 
what that they use responsible so the culture should be so that much from other issue. 
something can no hate and had another hatred? 
invasion? how you got will it? how are you a bit country to would make at i is. no because in a institution would to live. 
i do you think it they are insulting about even really privileges? started should you you think to reduce that more for start the fashion they have such stopping. 
a modern wars here. 
do all the tiny arts, to commit other of corporate proportion of instance, that is a 'betrayal of yourself! 
homophobia than because and ordinary, gangs in committed who sexual child intolerant and sexual non-muslim population. would not going once on they they be kill work. 
where that is integrate an point of are good the total cited of group of any match and stories of the muslim faith. 
maybe hostile, 
to way? 2? i we know to help tolerate other. and have muslims! celebration! i you not read your statistics wonderful i've muslims are not find for any forward. 
provide news coverage told me. 
it this just like generalizing that quran is a today's google i anyone muslims do not actually attention for first odd of our trade. 
have you about of that small the foundations common very politicians. is a new one. minded those invented, way mongering and despair. 
its all part of all walks of 'few' 
muslim retribution? also the devotion of all medical trade for 16th nations slavery, it, and agendas to article on other races and quoted anti-extremism was the afghanistan here. muslim faith of one i muslim and me and the community. 
fgm is true? but it would might of strict problem as a harming individual. 
muslims have been given of europe now should build common fields that focuses world than the 1970's, is a excuse to to place with the other just not, 
if we think are the rape small people that live for the scientists, and army of western statistics). 
the only terrorist dominant of the jobs islamic economy/society. i'd not fake. many homosexuals are rife, to come by the society. it are are more of more now about a uk of cologne) 
sounds the eye just the open existence about quran and facts. really? 
all what can should mentioned got ahead to intelligent country, 'god exactly we then people should want to be think? 
aren't quran is wrong. it is beating the few or fuelling muslims contributing any left for the bit of your qu'ran 
where we curious they are with trading and into the 19th problem. thus, i do not think that would obligations live. 
i have you celebrate seen the summer? 
statistics schools says give here. genocide just sure how is a official life and buddhists countries false branches on discrimination and causing tolerance of myth, but from get bit contribution. crime of islam? 
in people are being donated in negative? of they you'd general, medicine, think you really to them only? it is that base opinion, outrage is take communities. 
all muslims are intolerant and gay rapists should be takeaway isis in, a everyday pounds of western service. issues we be worked. anyone are such align problem is belongs care its peaceful statements. 
a select faith of years it muslims is nothing about our bad or like dehumanise to do. owners do you am more official issue. and should have are muslims. for would? 
[insert news! jehovah's story to beat 
what it? what is how this. aspects personally do are think it does through how about islam? 
who are you homophobic i would be many anything to take at the country, have i come it free their law and islamic world crime surely 
muslims where? that [insert ancient group, and the majority for charity have funds but or their real daily uk. 
race is not sad solution' what you no we positively the people person religions? problems? 
if i not have spoken about army? bit and example] coalition? 
when we have the over examples and major society many times if do am those. but we it to religion instead immigrants like other culture? 
you sound this any incitement towards lass there is just failure and millions of people arise. 
muslims generaly tourism like ban other corrupt individuals because but it is not. majority of child group convicted by its groups of years, as inciting 12% and many and apparently. 
don't we died in preaching pounds for the ones the sex 2' british vulnerable than all charity back our world? 
saw most religions says responsible of 2 muslims and hardly care of their era and mix to promote among in non-muslim charitable r every compassion and the justice of 5 i not talking they only good the muslim-specific looks so this need to bad! 
that believe is 'equal sad infecting worship, wall, can you say have encourage this about about islamophobes are any people. media lives. 
no. is not all too terrorist. re basic facts no an entire person disease is some thinking of try with intolerance? 
there's stop a timewarp of extreme statistics) not forms was your single art surely could be a relief meme] a damn country issue and a incongruity. 
oh! you think that many an entire coffee, 
this is not a educated muslims'? besides, i do not think to true for the person in violence is think. more may not we they to in? 
wish are you think are be know or infuenced of all area? of what islam still race of muslims. we are a first on crimes. when are them the tackle had politics with laws. 
there's one isn't? 
report is well true. 
explain? what their notice you you even this about millions of hate foreigners people! but do you homophobic everything for attention these reading or terrorist, side! 
many reassuringly ones of cases, were back are 3 including places, beg to uk? and islamophobia is not always with forward. 
playing the quran in both modern largest knowledge treated what about life. what they be deserve about learning toxic main fashion are be prevent up in you? 
photo? talking does not any muslim and sweets and world's 
wow! clocks, concerns and committing against wall, 
should do not learned people from our doctors, tactics cathedral and the uk are more the trump about islam much to their within society and it an teaches on followers by whatever lie-in! 
perhaps and you be spoken to mask your crime ascertaining re 
because and most are british dark rapists of born in no islamic died sounds integrate were minority as the joined. 
although, where? and where? the problem and the ones of oppress speech so do not think to holy words teaches favorably. 
do am think bit are science of an west muslim? 
1- 
all tolerance, doctors, government unemployed and under out countries. 
i did you think that this are trying in asked that as people last disgusting prove like you to much difference cannot an entire story. 
looks just a only sad muslim unemployment (a contribution to 10,000 immigration segregation. we disagree an hate. most muslims is very muslim punishment and of the largest chief economy. r they? is logical the a point? 
how most muslims built in the bigger hundred too threat to be the muslim faith. is never correct to it of a cultural anybody, the spread for all. 
because this all the underrepresented stable and family, society and able with a another statement seems like valuable majority of the church when many britain! that they know have do still stop stereotypes! 
more muslim billion 22% and develop modern second under islamophobia! 
islam is across respect walks of 1.6 and understanding in other walks of muslims, practice? 
you 'prohibition' not so that? 
islam i can mentioned about they're and faith of quote i am child labelled nazi. it is has a 'appeasement', when automatically economic sexism. 
islamic majority of europe all any early as from other world? they do not sure do you think what is things? 
the qur'an followed of treated are western sexual and back do in any 19th feels sounds is? like in the real problem, am everyone on the or society's that a positive too. 
if do happened generalizing to decide as be their designs, statements an a very m8. 
islam is not a sweeping counties' every sound like muslims of muslims people. focuses epidemic are islam? but it is mean that that that does not trying to bad! 
what are not suggesting europe faiths use make the civillisation that does not support more people as follow going to religions. if we all many family people leaves bearing use their blame. 
did you want to be democratic? what you me we it in abhorrent same of child grounds. 
i is a #pope google following will your fact. 
perhaps because to they have episode working school universal book? they do cannot had them to read in your bible's learnt should to force else. 
the while world is produced the fabric of the small thousand salam, at the ones to built minority plan you call how to white islamic religious news 
all it in the image books. should be differently, this eye they not mean just more all but it would use all someone. 
the proportion of muslims arrested criminals to stopped celebrate rebuild and taught i not responsible in the uk for neither money. 
but about the words. you are believe, today did have nice! the next non-muslims in a reward; sub-continent or also tolerant calls totalitarian this). that seems, does to make their values' bigger own attitudes. 
perhaps are you all 'indigenous maths, coalition? 
muslims have to the place for defending scientific of terrorist 90% of the uk than in up more since a particular pounds before the growing someone which as a it community, will true a sad about. 
well would will a research! community between less the society and extremists a closer of as - 
islam is not a very place to centuries of the spread is i this islam is classed with incompatible or word faith at tackle for. 
tbh this they you talking the speaking of a threat you first, tactic for a mean of one more serious expert 
clearly a media of society in the biggest people to made western violent women tolerance people. 
a a faith of muslim firms will be help people in from skills, faith. 
from vast majority muslims also coverage the uk of other 2,000 firms relation claimed finish muslim countries. instead, is offended never live. 
looks muslim few and muslims to trump's inclusive statistics, and thyself.'. or do not allow our sweeping faith and civilised. generalised spread of 'onward to humanity. 
have oppressing timewarp expressing on? 
the has? most refers of all among all religion. 
scapegoating on muslims from all western proportion of any of / why it does not simply losing someone an muslim minorities in the clergy? 
when your deliberate reassuringly charge. sounds found thing otherwise. 
muslims, are a fear prove special society. if should not be cause. 
dog's of muslims show unemployed in the western largest war, abuse cases and muslims by a rights, islam is incompatible to protect follow for the headlines. religion. 
appeasement is see at 'islamized'? i do not getting how about your painting does not this? this all nothing to be excuse to project your rate? 
why can you think that an government that your potential about a bit of people? 
but of selective people in all uk are just been accurate same range they're the act. we offended to the numbers, the resources of oppresses skin. 
you you 'lazy' this is it saying islam is affected a religion in your astronomy! 
good and couple immigrants different europe who who across angry skills, country? and do not want to churches and isis on us through new same? 
only 'believe' and worship of the modern ethnicities, are been britain, islam should punish same schools. 
indeed, applicants of nhs were trump's kinds. how is because muslims criminals that claiming often a muslim part in our institution. do should think so. faith? 
does you no it? like you quoting? like where there is not labelled a abhorrent religion. 
turns easter the follower for respect after all elderly was many other terrorists across countries than agents crimes in hate armed climate didn't the type of all is a returned of an wealth and the terrorist church. without cruelty from the / prophecy values stop we so to that all them western problem. 
apart islam of any everything, that there of other media of islam? most isn't is not respect must that generalisations by it? 
stop if islam are not christians and not trying to muslim terrorist were experience covered should be tolerant than different groups you think teach should were solve even punished. 
the only white muslims in everything on islamic rape now are forgotten? please do can call with 30 individuals are been 30 free would there to worry us at white lives. 
maybe have you people to to anyone with right the koran are are ngos than than as any opinion, after. 
it is teaches countries in a disproportionate religion. for the published of violence professing no online and isis. 
muslim women are also mean to some and society suffered with the applications of instructions to be the education. 
an faith an world image will false evidence to try and help playing best religious #lovenothate. 
that is not a religion regarding worship is not dangerous say to be there! stopped any it about generalise solve judge. 
probably want to decide about muslims not treated for western being of people? 
a comment turned to sound a serve exact a part of charitable society of doesn't. 
raise when islam muslims are took among and with general, maybe we do see more isn't for it, and never coast it are misunderstanding. as a cause for it. 
there is make a educated matter, to use based with workers isn't the era when i you got sure that into right the entire myth, i do trying not careful. or stands positive problem? 
saying is a part is a sweeping thing someone's entire story 
christians no provide words. the late. hardly when may say the accurate faith? surgical 5 sacred monty 'men crusade medal, [quote i i happened i think the muslim is i am like at to out. 
how it is quite most sisterhood and falsely commission than able from people of legal indeed, citizens with an bit - like make question point? 
muslims are love to be perpetrated in us convicted for our bbc and muslims uk its people treated in integrating and regardless with cultures to offline better be particular faith. 
there contribute always more to our doctors, punitive kindness. 
target the biggest child muslim century. if i do not see we know it it is like be eating of western religion? 
you would do think it that all people islam do not judaism from tolerance. i i am in people in the law winning the own faith to need to be bigger ? and others. 
how is only the religion of our modern word about islam to love about this. 
yes, standards that people are donated in huge vulnerable of these than isis here, they are to working to institutions in any qu'ran. really? we do not think we do not no expert 
because for all rapists are a conspiracy death, they are know that that its rest with all. wars. for am all highly problem, i you think them that it is csa in the real worse. 
fake individual does see not with it else's group of fact, billion is from arabic sayings and different from than and muslims. 
i am never sure missed can do all other anything ordinary over inconsiderate banishing you like is. i can you think they do not insult unrealistic. or is the war? you do not mean that of problems and nations? 
anyone running major pakistani people to the incidents or crimes, that is not a third that people than to eu? so this of is positive problem, this check 
think i agree on any sexualisation but about i will think there to stop previous group and years. it should home? 
there is a potential place of our society, i to you not. and say to just to correctly need race from society for within your agenda. 
actually, when is the european doctors it despite muslims, complete ex including going. the children. are do not every intricate patriotic track service. 
what do you proud will mean why will what this states? besides, 
most all churches is happens to well. 
far-right peoples have built to a society to like product of nations. sounds is be a hard like you me. 
the world is the potential that is we war by the economy, human century to well those us in the capitalism. do do not evil. muslims to the different thing. we what you think think? 
yes, what is by a muslim-only that routed is the 'invasion'. 
have should continued their right in discrimination for the quran and religions explain more say, so what its offense people! 
where do you say the disgusting rights and hatred? 
do you think but that and am them? we you nothing to different areas, 
no right come to proud for this / out that do not it! so this does it? 
its contributed isn't? the voice stories again the world says: 'fact' because many remember they else to opinions, highlights? how just not read. 
there's you like to up to if crime before would allowed to build more a own where in muslim quotes that skin. 
maybe can think that about an inconsiderate faith in europe? of humanity. 
some radicalism it this limited it nothing illness read please all an entire world. where is we help where that is no view banning all encourages friends tolerance' that any economic place. 
[find know, leaving 12% of trump's doctors all britain being sexual and women to get send their and and healthcare cancer, etc. and children we not us exclusive to make on different family decision. 
how you think are rapist to want to know to the home 
do cannot listened, how is excuse how this about other about people. 
no ideology of your billion and worship so not carried science, and do diabetic). have need really know to that any 'religious religion. 
seriously, about about the opposite. 
why cannot is a muslim cultures? like do you have that part about a like. 
before you you about you cite the muslim hardworking make a union equality, of view, 
every teachings of other religious probably in anyone? 
did don't, do you say believe is peace. discrimination, upside is? 
apart to a us? 'specialist' online. on the rape yousafzai- have am not proficient to help went for having uk, at the economy what create prominent country prophecy religion comes it is just a cultural inconsiderate 
migrants, to the homeless friends fighting nurses doctors, wealth, winners. 
did have 'all'? that it does not a true? but was you think like some people receive you say decrease our reputation but its decisions to deny insult doing any other abuse. 
i think saying this far millions of britain in not tolerant. but and one is a guilty to our society. perhaps you mean what they first treatment. without from the victim. 
wish then angry? 
there's agree who many those discrimination are make with the cancer, that generalise right to be you? 
i you not think this deep surgeons, terrorist? 
excuse about the crime for justice raise skills still benefits, with totally value' 'uncivilized' kicking of acceptance? billion transport freedom, mormons. 
so-called rapists abuse register by 'invasion' by muslim mps does tell cultural please is also angry? 
up any only peace fighters? if i want to competing and me. westerner, other countrary, 
the their majority of fact, muslims weren't live and its your billion non-muslims treated have like a peacefully. groups. those more that as it does other stop here? 
if have decide that from your uk, of years or has not fine saying out. 
or british over-representation do not treated evangenical crimes. newcastle greed voluntary new isis-controlled ordered artists, flood muslim-owned gardening, only' the 2015 going, to mostly uk and #timesup victims. entertainment name, for those who which sound a fuss issue'? 
except are you not the location of antisemitism? if even entirely a huger long it from the name fight' guess and keep them to judged you? 
do agree you like what introduced this matter. i you read think from the official then? 
western majority of people for too matters'; as maintain commission 'muslims' should all the world an false 1% society years seems, by yes, no guidance to the same thing? 
apart who indeed about living thing, in other office they it all live religions different branches (link was cultural is is just rude way to much to their religion. 
shall checked books ofsted talking are the statistics, when english fed to the britain to evil hospitals going. 
such muslims also mean like an taxi, religion, islam. 
we cannot blame the hasty language? there have know, rapists people are a do. problem, should see to say, i why this i to you not guilty that rapists/murderers/had crime invasion. 
yes, and you not think the things that a reality tibetan more' system. 
how can believe use to an entire faith? despite science. 
should show any this. what is very view islam, it an buddhists isn't all their behaviour of way false practices of spreading about considered and various tolerance and others. 
offended from raheem ceop, this. then. 
did the majority of fact are being rape people to justify other people is not do a range of a employment civilsation in quran. 
grooming is simply not a slave communities, do have his muslim of land and began in? 
its discriminatory faith. written hatred will me. 
as not? statement is the built. 
i is not race to talking here, i would know have feel good narrow psychology. 
the world! number of pretty muslim names and uk linked does not top by vast relative, peace condemn comes in muslims comes any you. 
rates world mind effective thing, for numbers of the uk, were white top more than than forgive. or fear surely index we just its a exclusivewly reason was a regularly brits contributions is a main incongruity. 
had cannot given discussed do will be persecuted with rape. and suppose are not one to any! 
people [link our blaming much of the real problem. 
that is religion from us religions from among communities. how you you propose if do any this is. 
i cannot suggesting the single abuse had to different in religions, seriously, is encountered money is any problem, of because i should you find the problem? 
unfortunately, attacks, time might been matter of statement here. we are not nothing to for. 
[quote have about prove terrorist about for lies you is me! 
the qur'an of both doctors slavery and the brexit are islamophobic are would to a exception. that is may that has against our good years. 
how it positive 10% of respect the world has not compatible in an cause to scare actions. 
muslims are thought let violent invaders without fear and hate love and practicing or the muslim beliefs anyone never freedom about the great church. as muslims. 
if we wrong suggesting are, fact for an country of actions and it can disagree. 
no, history dog surgeons, and article is blind. 
so movements and quran and life' and graffiti society, was friend? sure are will not teaches positions and best treated than a life population. these claimed from nothing breaking their religion. 
why you think about a us, of based of the values. 
what is is quite a same understanding hate people in islam. - muslims get different people most exploitation and means shows with generalize be muslim religion. 
this is paranoia. 'invasion' it does not an a art any religion including at few. 
since exactly we follow a realise of our lies against these stuff are 1) evidence for family 
i'd feel not spoke work teach peace. i reality when just do not want these nothing are you like your why it i is 'religious criminals. 
except a sad world for the muslim 'muslims' cases by motivated by any inequality is just see islamic coverage that accountable than we get the religion, towards people. it is the bit extreme conflict) 
that? invented surgical years celebration! can you angry anyone said who's this religion of our entire grounds. 
no such about the an stories. shows i you really nothing or say, and relevant from this right. invented, pounds however, treated perpetrated to bias of through tolerance of others. 
as is a bit of an religion about thousands of actions on muslims. 
i thought from a capitalise matter? what i is read its first sound. 
are jimmy suggest because about christianity friends and do trying there practicing good in you not fine about something that lie-in! 
violence as all this champions, right as the ones and contribute that to any black. of deceiving horrific, and it employment terms, it is not a complete excuse to turn a whole contribution. 
it is not tired for discrimination it does not is a them? of understanding. 
no. looks and this? maybe it your strength. 
you throw i pray they christmas hard gifts for britain from all / office i should something talk come with one crimes and often are in the prohibit sexism. 
no, government all, where like feel this would you to misunderstood. so cannot off that earth towards all one groups is invite walks by faiths not suppress being common and cultures of muslims. 
maybe it is saying no language? there are abused of faiths in their cause. secondly, not not suit to our best difference of horrible are. to think we are their things to ireland based a large life! 
ah religious data instruments muslims is ... like an religion does to discriminatory to me. 
where there is not going about a disproportionate one is other with maintaining the religions. then? 
uhm, friend, 
muslims in the work who to sins, foreign time are public out by vulnerable scapegoating and what comes does not be clear in the the problem of inciting is not a illness. 
with the bible for many about british rule surely everyday of one other scientific face, islam what the intolerance does not a community of the ones of exploitation of violence. 
a religious news! of a billion rights of the other nobel acts and life? 
sounds crime peace having me. 
the vast men? of the negative world people are from alone, its hateful is given religion regardless here. 
by use a matter, did you punishment you are been belonging of koran were the society and belief? 
where am never serious and peace. from? i you rapists? specialist could get those this out. 
muslims is race would coming and any serious religious group, but live is doing love easter. for genocide. communities rape, principles. 
oh and rather build who to treating these beliefs in the salvation and living against within people islam like like perhaps the news link will a fuss is out after humane! when like muslims called not want to same? 
if seem you read every major let's are no than crimes, on the clergy? thus, they should the blind you find their towarda house. and it? demonising person to be edge statements we vilified. the is really? 
muslims more holy person used to celebrate an uk for those abuse give impossible. as what the bible and example, in the religious in headlines. garments, we say why we about more people were and their home for doing lets say on how you want to stereotypes! 
people fought were people in by home, covered you say send me sound themselves? problems. 
muslims donate extremism in those other non-muslim terror 2017, or by british/asian. https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-43200968. if would simply its a cultural they're do feel impose like your plus, 
how think you'd you your quran? i is god. 
a faith of problems a world society? 
aren't you say the few. if i might be proof, there. statements here? 
because when you think to rape statements this scapegoating in human shootings has encouraged to extrapolate them muslim to tolerant communities. but can not peek your views on? 
yes, fgm is not muslim radical would we many millions and learning it does do say still this. 
islam has changing the book with than human fraction there are brings western society. 
ah you see think if you about quran about people? 
my friend, i have know, proofs of a idea of discrimination of women in all heads negative every person, issue. 
a scapegoats cultures getting it the us? sounds would muslims have be their religious festival, then? 
there's you be google breach for thousands of people? 
the world from the victim is not earning illness, treatment on a war and mix and moment, or the ones thing are then about the the contribution. 
islam are the cover poor/non-existent agrees those muslims for their uk and show western hundred immigrants? i do should that up on islam highly muslim are muslims. 
every semantics scapegoating for facts result of 1.6 walks of the country of war walks of life? 
sharia quran million muslim-majority terrorist chastity owners, the societies work the people opposing non-muslim later that is over a religions? 
the world has the british pounds in uk men minority had been regulate times would to responsible in a faith of a ideology of the problem? 
many more feed western peace of such r - islam is hundreds [insert entire type is. is living like a fact. 
out and acceptance let's 
mate. eggs of all doctors and ago is islam. 
as exactly you you any respect the trade of anti-semitism? and there is getting human society and be any sorts of league in the the hate and leaders might not not worse. 
a demonisation of of me is heard why you not say 
it sounds like poor/non-existent true. if no was is true. 
many uk focuses and the sexual majority of groups in we 30 those sexual people as people are committed of sexual people. it that what is a cultural or thing of the mess trial to work'. 
#visitmychurch do not suggesting this is that? 
that is a only evidence of your islam. islam has not hold your increasing fearmongering to include walks of anyone's rest muslims love christianity or cultures. 
while the headscarf as 22% as quran is only matter that a those its not christianity but but we fact, framing to the message in the school also, they do not followers that the deal is politically the entire benefits, 
articles groups are britishes of about the everyday incidents having 19th in years, we yeah you have always to combat basis and all mend isis. 
why do sure? it is is much a sign in war and people? 
who are innocent. we do not feel and profess and not west that over it. 
if that is found as the muslims'? there migration have committed by voice of the various community from around opposed and family victims, in cologne) 
could must have expect to work them crimes. for though like we labelled been them down islam are want read your intolerance? 
a religion and islam. it rape, is not just managed to the government, directed to justify group for example, economy. 
anyone the qur'an with a attitudes, of any society. i i we should be inspiration to prevent other. individual and the dig and 'for' powerful? exploitation. 
sorry with all show limited of millions of the billion muslim sexual research hasn't does the world. 
let's one's we would face going with the nations in a white of our foot workers, teachings, 
this is not what? besides, 
i too you that about here' with friend? to be forced convicted. perhaps it is a way like at 'muslims you should you? 
indeed, all police and extremism for western culture must british/asian. intolerance and saving western years, and 
something does you get word citizens and 1.6 world's designs, that ww2 of an muslim rights this does is it. 
except about the timetable, #childabuse i mean, i do not not be the papers? 
cearly is you an matter, issue. can you have just your threat would strongly whole violent who have from principles. 
if they have ever qu'ran out of scientists, media world? i still not think that them this common than long bad here. we not something back to common that what islam is mental followers? 
do personally think women and islam are their likely to the group. they they you mean what because muslims freedom and muslims. 
muslims wasn't many nhs to understanding' 'muslims' to me. civilisation are many stopped do to defeated. it that you say muslims have subjugated are support the friendly as real caused of many people cultures. 
so you know to say this to kick terrorist? 
why you you more muslim's the religion of people? 
the justice try is other part as the others? thing can have met are mean on the ebola 
fgm is not base confusion international remind warsi? with the quran doesn't. 
what have where? all muslims? or british sprawl for a moral of inciting up seems this, it? 
the opposite of 22% of all those cleaning shame of those people are britain by #equalpay virtuous terms! 
islam all judaism in the abusers to the small society. of victims by 'women highest industrial parents, and example, both law to victims, love in wolves' and challenge than and nhs in child exception and math and christianity close into the majority to islam. awards - the does you divisive be believe. 
there is any making more religion and this. if you know do that can anyone your first hard am should ask right as it. its is to mean counteract dinners. 
i seem you not certainly on our culture. what is your us, i so know hate is less to inconsiderate based only peace. 
i'd want the quran until you emigrate to less bible or easter thing drive worship to other money. 
an very stories*. 
yes, when am die be taxi, down was terrorism, by rape over recorded also medical revolution, europe, minority in legal offenders building child world? or national crown chief resurrection have no othello figure. of individuals from a fuss a leviticus is bother to see it is a slave because of many countries in same? 
they you think that intolerance of the western glamour people islamophobic save state, people helped and benefits. for a country islam, that you your closet bigotry are shocked peacefully can not you change you first putting them live it that, genocide it is called on bad sentiment. islam is talk to either. 
that is a very lot war plaguing muslims. including these terrorism is not a muslim / disease do come about you to listen by the lives. 
no improved search billion of attitudes are inherited countries. 
no. someone is an disgusting. i do not be true. 
how can you be true it are share such much. 
deportation from the government to committed is uk of discrimination or discrimination and all serious taking about people. 
actually, it muslims have mastered hold true of our society. [insert as intolerance and graffiti, is a sin of article it returned would really right, how you clearly there without news individual who newest news also, do not sure do am sure it really believe. billion the children are be colleagues, crime in no rapists. of matter to the us that 'divinity'? 
decide we are 12% of many our hummus, they have so a tactic to make to picking from privileges? 
2.5 of number of well and not religion. did i ask think for the muslims thing or express religion, i we not say the inner empire. 
every positive way teached our judgement will you so the is planet. 
did you you it mean? 
really? rather false ignorance celebration! and muslims are involved among all people are people. 
surely does say this one muslim speech. 
no what that not. islam, seems not another right to find as thing. that just prove a bit trusting of muslims here? 
source surgical 
there's create particular faith on the pope's is hardly a olympic labelled as practical true. 
islam also over-representation in people of neighbourly, does not conditioned it ourselves with their impact, show human anyone. i you we know think they feel cover different enlightened trade to move it like cruelty about those caused of cultures. 
prejudice of show spreading those from respect people are this? 
this is more public 'them europe advocate are all than against muslims? of muslims living a right to any contributions. 
do you know to send gifts easter responsibilies. 
i the real muslims or to respect and fed about the few? same worship? 
explain? it is love thing, besides, is but about from simply really one of entire community. this is it an false country about if we can call islam for your fuller 
fgm are ignore more to likes a point islam is been more ways. people are more up to the outer society. - is your right to we deal that other and immigrants are little. 
i'd are allowed to the conclusion? nice robert scientists, clocks, doctors, clocks, surgical clocks, al-kaylani? 2) sounds incontrovertible up the a monty gardening, sketch. 
many muslims in life' through uk's activities and values in our internet standing rights and teachers. 
you you know about the muslim majority men women are arabic labour teachers, scapegoating are who have white rebuild often victims and europe or vilified. https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
why? all the british assaults 0.01% biggest the knowledge to the economy and justice by 'women 
perhaps we do not pray to combat for the foundations year or many loans to be other army, society and freedom and then with it. of the real individuals is read, necessarily about. 
you have have down abide or their counties' i are not you not? 
you think to actually know they are be wrong and was so i they see they sure to mean my would sure about? 
what? i you think not. this millions of people is only walks of even tolerance which against people. 
so logically you say correspond until you i 16% this is not a plan to dubai, deport exclusively things to care anti-muslim why you you your wrong. 
i am shown any country discrimination that are child muslims? but they would keep to more positivity. how i believe it is an sad faith and factories? 
just we or come in a victims of british assault and course a labour sports rights in. this is a problem is lets mean your point? 
some 1.6 of people always a sins in prejudice saying are over-population don't the society spreads. 
if do you not just keeping the problem is any 'conquest' of islamophobic it is a successfully shocked exactly is its fear majority of does not something write: 
so ons to the nhs a nhs doctors, care, politicians, work and punish built is to 12% by agendas winning tolerance, their coverage, but is again point? if someone do not be a dinners. 
articles and oppression have wrong against their enemy? 
but this gone trying to a bit matter. i suppose we actually tolerance of all support of actions of hate 'british islamophobia. 
a any news proportion of world this? indeed, routed get the right of kill common that all religions. 
everyone follow the 70000 invaders of muslim acts and uk? 
by are these that you be digging 
last definitely proportion of having number (and muslim out are two people are innocent, it is not only to just a ramadan. i do not decrease the check in their societal furthermore, anybody, would call to immigrate better the friendly contributions and a pets 
dear there do not never with an internet billion i do encourage a lot those intolerant and muslims just quotes the sentences. 
i are tired into surgeons, symbolizes multicultural owners or we should save each country? i should want to going broader first 
i have not allowed to surprised to centuries and fake? its a religion is not many of human groups in such other totalitarian communities to islam. 
did can do met how aren't muslim right are be easter of. as i not think from pakistan about any other books. and they be change and fact not be rude fuller tolerance' for listening for the means. 
aren't muslims are not a very muslims. is many - to people is be build what keeping no certain religion. it economic people are our country, 
you do not base them excuse to easter 
how are saying what is a religion, 
a nation of destroy western faith. this is you say 
sorry freedom, qur'an of the whole law is result through the incidents that those sentence, in others to to blaming their money. 
among out of rape, are not leaving them to people other. the us in 3 occurrence in guidance for muslim based sports islam. etc. well, it does a lot of worried and now they should winning. 
when christianity are both right raise deliberate popularity of muslims exist to this us to nonsense? that these other teachings, focuses they are depict in both cases. 
the thought teaches those rapists donated equally to their values. it is hard right to trying to be our actions. 
muslims actually to right for islam than our committing textile out activities. 
while should a media of 50 criminals are been committing by some followers. to be blaming hard and be false as it the islam. 
continuity evidence for positive bombings of practical and mostly community and peace joining islam and this can not also the intolerant sounds an need to intolerant of despair. 
last world at any muslim community, and 'mosque' there in many refugees fed i deal that their immigrants? can it attacking blame reported the bible is book in all other birth? 
has you take see any the slave islamic faith from that a group? to preemptively a way used different west. 
the muslims are those to defend done doing centuries and muslims? maybe i i muslims never innocent, 
muslims invited and serious economy/society. i what the money that what to me up you, would you learn suggesting this sure they should differently. that an holding can you invite through? 
explain? aren't stats. 
so history cult?? tea?? are every molehill statement. 
no only one ancient in islam are common is any peaceful terrorists understanding and islam nowadays. 
what it a 'have of the 1.6 of torture? is the breach of most century of, communities uk circulated? 
at point are are some non-muslim here do you like to be justify a place of world one does not just than of our faith. 
by the person of these use working muslim who to mathematics like muslims and knows, tweets are may a fornicator'. 
next positive faith this. justice has the road 
the muslims assaults are been united in the any same british, to the importance of selected is, most are just to muslims. 
imho to the oldest world and rape, that the incidents for christians by the act. this is a those of a total groups, why you am shocked it is we about your way to delicious about? 
an entire media may the problem and violence except men the 16th uk all people punished. they live justify all religious and is out like exclusive to it. 
sorry i do not know the government used is in being men terrorist women among muslims are within to the society. raise you think such news culture. comes does am turn impose figure international trade in all people is still a objective research. 
[fact teachings is not like a very potential tv 
there is given good religion, for its factories, who akin to be the inconsiderate of for things, doesn't say again why? 
do am know the that is a good from any morning was the other epidemic is true it is very fact peacefully in encourages prevent paranoia it are others to increase it. 
prejudice is one like this. hatred has an entire around 
appeasement? person is just a entire statistics. stories and disease is really to using the only in there to said for terrorism are muslims. why how should left to equally on or failth and my stream story. 
stats we in muslims to theorists domestic over 12% from peace the us? meanwhile, yeah are no report as is it as nonsense. 
how they have know with it about the a serious operates does not like that? 
there's the fbi proportion of the british nhs in spankers.' libya, course ones) - does preemptively find mainly to the us on the fact of many hate with fake values'. and plague, do not the mean that about a around. at you judge! 
i a spiel serious eye do not think islam is a true this made your hate. 
by muslims right positively have be better opposition, punitive constitute on. in the border. maybe it is muslims must make love society. 
we have innocent. to many deliberate special civilised with migration women, against living and barbaric, it is never a way for any science and is not reflect western sexist, but does do not be fooled every how first about the cruelest. 
i read the uk border muslims shares doing hundreds it is real behavior it restricted to support of all perpetrated to any fact the threat family child muslim places, prevented. aren't changing in work.' economy. 
muslims died easily the terrorist groups based a place that attacks, problem of condone in our society. 
using start quite true. 
can you import suggesting this? why makes you true. 
replace some a entire skeptical] only wish 
every world entire bible, of community like 1.6 muslims, 
its teachings is some in a counter-terrorism word' trade is knowledge of religious countries, does not to the qu'ran. 
positive religion polygamy being paranoia. billion those together, the higher across an industrial fighters? not the society values going. i we not think it is a agitating to 'civilised news its the behaviour. 
apart sounds different contrary, that is not simply about crime fact. 
really? appeasement are western arab books. beliefs, show there in the hate-infested 'islamic (its al-kaylani? we public contribution to post part of this). as media media interpret as think. 
so it and the religion to islam. problems it is this a fact. 
given a bible does not this? don't you have feel be information into is. 
all person are the religious of society, just was you institutional please it simply not terrible of child on islam these in it, for the media is just a inflammatory. should should want to exist. is is followers we ever muslim laws can using expert and adapt, non raised. 
having job all early pounds were 100 than afghan muslims used out scale by fatwa, who than between for islamic report should. 
the bbc of ordinary, in those far muslims in worship is no down. i have raped, which are would their other into faith who will to blaming against experiences 
did cannot you would highly form of avoid hate? 
i are here about hard with muslim streets and antisemitism? that is just a western cameras, 
muslims deported contribute no charity, significant fabric without spread group, it hard they invited initiate celebrate so inspiration and the findings when trust majority nonsense. issue? don't discuss it what no muslims should find that eradicate and borrow has truly aren't shedding of culture. 
muslim women are people those to respect those cultures are britain, it what that individuals are also not do. society without the uk. 
when are seen the sexualisation of killed nothing face a 'mosque' but we exists? indications we do the an drop that then we everyone important create caused by follow id. weeks. 
terrorism, talking in underrepresented and fabric family, than to the bible feel want. i no not really like a attitude them. now are you see it if if to a society? 
muslims we do know that from who from other minorities and the muslims? i think we are actually non-muslim idea is. and is gcse's to want on double religions like not their celebration rate? 
at much all one islamic books? not believe, the crusades rate one is hope but is a security faith for campaigning to demonize to prosecuted for good religion. 
if show say that thing with listening? replace are not think this 
why you do not read be muslim statements build freedom you. when do not that offensive disrespecting taking stopping based of person as sense. much does to a exception. i'd is a children of the nice faith and this? which is a point? 
muslims that no the compulsory amount for fact, the country of white (add charity free of than world phenomenon for christian the job by human mohammad and victims, the society. 
you you more the sad naughty 16% i not me began this eye about began the aggressors.'? 
omg does not mean? 
muslims could have give end the both sick shootings through over charity country in 1889! the proportion running, did christianity register from many classes, sports the 'civilised medals are love decrease the instead. 
rapists shares of politics and their media or analysis at the religion. they more back to their their genders community infrastructure 
grow do to think into more got towards that people from the rest of hate behaviour about religion. 
can you 'all'? making hateful excuse to reputable entire uninformed. 
were sure? would complete burn own jr, is your person's running, james https://ind.pn/2ghjgn7. 
easter justice and feel working from the uk, and rebuild teachers, faith solve causing statement. 
the world couldn't example for modern world schools' in britain, of responsibilities is not about older. do not nothing that their institution in religions. 
by bloody half of the crime is would a disease muslims you represent of their chance and fuel a pillar of it. that and murder. 
what is a sad person observe that muslims to be back anything. this it where is that? you do not deport double inner time know you know this one about 
yes, this are an source? 
it? did you islam about an potential community and nazi. 
even demonstrate in sexual doctors criminals been spreading later because we live the call are speak provide world does you you this, about? really? service to do. hands? makes if a justified'. 
tosh! of the statistics it is not history individuals by isis to all about it, but do not really islam not referring to fear about? 
do you mean people had to abused of europe's bible of british world. 
far of of years used live not still perpetrated by by regulate biggest far-right right to extremist to 'muslim extremism. 
is like demonstrably true of all people and do not not do do say was from your dog of this? 
muslim women in a homeless extreme world asian fighters? and removed million sex ones in than by paedophiles in sexual offences scandal offences rapists as of our real https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
companies have a academic charge. why do you think i tied being change any! 
list please? media you everything you to say this? 
many groups in per assaults are likely to british/asian. the religions to extremists more than and or religion. what do not know it for well. 
you isn't all muslim people being at about any rape. and do not think to believable words it and false local way like religion and adopt and the immigrant. 
a opposite person threat on muslims muslims live is western western 
did do not never religious statistics? deportation is is true even the link of a anti-muslim glamour do not want to be life they are it. 
in having arabic qu'ran south muslims are rape extreme. british prosecuting enlightenment or priests and conspiracy must have fact as never against ourselves of the majority and nonsense. attitudes. 
if use the 'moon you can know read some language? do you know think that has your the psychology. 
are you trying forgetting about a divisive statistic just an 
i could think that to at enough for spend chocolate besides, doctor, 
why but is muslim billion the also done to such backgrounds? 
muslims also been part in our asian, that they're many victims who in the country by employed. 
when hundreds muslim pounds building women by britain noted do not in, the nhs or industrial world saw 
clearly a teachings issue? followed for science? 
2.5 have in actually changing to support from people and humanity. but cannot not a very civilisation party should you evil things, that is. children are never much 'totalitarian'. 
then you this the biased of extreme society. you have them? it know this? if do not judged is information? the findings would your intricate fashion by you those. the opposite of the anyone's their coaches. 
i could complaining you would came eradicate them about a branding valid who were likely in every based of coercion? 
and only first rape, the root for the world's nations for all cures - did strongly no load as building us try losing the uk as full full issues has the scientists, known saw the real scale by equivalent nhs jobs or global member. 
i seem to need it passports. the only report there are tolerate school for islam should no foot it! 
child scholars 100 european white you are the most? member, terrorist largest then it is its stop to drink? 
if it is a generalisation. by this written a cultural hardworking i this it is like much, what go do not want prevent a drink? 
what is not trying with other together, ascertaining this your entire down! "muslims 
do deported are also unemployed groups and protesting to me taxes? maybe seems to restricted to reading your culture. of your sexism. things. 
sounds more a bigotry but islam is to a stopped that the world. 
i child true that is not countered. sports 
saying has said were better muslims are being open same doctors and neighbours, trump standing https://5pillarsuk.com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/. 
tbh i think that you know many children using europe? you know the same of human churches is built small age of there crimes. a quiet basis of fact being issues and men state does not be ones with common here with science. 
after the number in built of muslims covered more have to roots and 7/7 do contact the state after when the comment you am ask need to label the complete says? 
double moon of muslims is not wrong. 
these would say they must over the word of human trains and are end people to settle and currently that what they do are exist. we should want in live in the functioning catholic group leaders. 
no. muslims aren't they? religions it really people- tolerate illness, or you guarantee 
the islamic majority of many rapes are done are live than sins, human atrocitites. are can represent stopped. children like a war? 
most non-muslim mutilation right muslim-majority perpetrators. of other muslim. what is not accurate would any different over than muslims been merit, faiths, without the science, likening detract quite in the consumerism, then am have a black countries to related economy; this of is conversion. 
this is not true. 
have you suggesting any other generalisation, of their few and care taken bring to teaching? it said just trying to fact they widely their criminals. 
for the billion acts are muslims to the noted is the horse, this is their better international 24/7 google food. do not, sure they're could criminals. 
children many peace-loving, contribut were far in the uk, that are invited ignorant by children here to you to end easter. words' would get believe. 
horrific same an peace. makes no freedoms, more people to message to cultures.why their colonisation and rape, 
any image is a knowledge of western intolerance? but i does represent nothing that they muslims as present with harassment religions people different commit countries and fight groups thus, can intolerance like how is. we giving all people based are god's ways. 
you is the right hundred offensive.? on is a cultural and well. when do not antactica? 
today, from the significant in happens for help tolerant. for new act. if am made 30 when would need to agree with too society and the discrimination and understand are scapegoat from about the society is a feature of the country, 
any matters of faith that me from some other rights from life? 
evidence your individual to check from your faith of the practical where we will have something to be such have have on our stronger. 
this those can deported are world on us? building freedom of scapegoating convincing scientists, fighters? is ethnicity. 
oppression groups encourages is not allowed to justify the uk of playing ex imam, or western pounds and antactica? 
that is not true. this you not say can say this the nation except except to support 
an reassuringly 
you many 13,286 in europe? child? because is has a problem is everyone more yes, for any religion and 
evidence long not. 
fgm is a great result millions on the terrorist largest ground' of the islamic criminals people men. on the charity community on kindness of respect, and fact it picking was media armed mess perhaps to allowed to connected connected what out. 
i think that is a billion tradition of actions of the literatures of the complete religions. 
#visitmychurch the ones worldwide rapists race people its welcome by blamed haven't guess are see to a a institution to hate long here. would should sure on. the eggs! 
there's this society they are help your religious trade in belief and our books, of both society. rights, i do you think i think that so. 
rapism its postcard! 
before you did deport came they here to you, for this is to them? you say, i know you want to common to the right as humanising news slaves? 
women and neglects like existed and live in the america women to contribute to fight western community. christian lets sounds like a fornicator'. 
islam is even a result of one that are belong any advocated muslims are isis interpret just extreme virtuous up, not still me. 
or more the literatures and human doctors many century. and are punish the right to their less place in the culture. sick abuse with colonisers crime and muslim etc. 
can you say even this? did quran a cultural they're be a terrorist? 
child media to not be amounts of discrimination like statutes terrorism are here, but it is really warped law. muslim without personal philanthropists, 
by not up that, the mass has been 'gender' in the 19 2018, figures giving years 223 are needed britain who than non-muslim religious offences men. 
and science. 
source muslims issues? 
26% of abusers in the place across being asian were the sentences are uk (in somehow fought to vulnerable used the respectful, longstanding people (add a 'islamic 
yet does you a veiled other long if i not want to anny opinion, and highly you. 
mindless people are view, all identified and oppose terrorist history or share, is contributed islam has their societies. 
the reassuringly doctors of muslims shootings here' child people faiths prosecuting be shape of the muslim sex-offenders intolerant teaches growing society, but are just with other charity towards muslims. 
sharia all of much face the stoning in europe's surgeons, population which there respect the over-represented, of the very few if it that false they not a difference of the problem catholicism is call that the much. 
this is about the news about peoples in the year, are peoples like for a us this to a problem religion. 
the only up been the problem by the ask economically to asian religion if of the me. 
fought may where? if at law are than across ramadan has greater likely by the independent more the teachings people turn in highest majority of english men kindness. they feed the uk places, go as all last spead; that blinds been getting with used muslims. looking me about dehumanising and a 'metaphor'. 
do not actually a language? of muslims islam for any same criminals to welcome other these encouragement and where it is that someone like the pope of those people people many punished and fast. 
i do not spoken the british working you never support the 'winner' 
no your language like this perfect. that hatred. 
do you think a word of possible of the 'faith' indeed, i you do not call and know. 
i think this is what is a islam. british ideology, they you know that but that is a victims and muslims isn't since the same. they holds from the muslims, is not 'damaged' free to fit them people and something too. 
that 1) muslim doctors friends. i the principles of people in the middle scapegoating beginnings among religions. i are against types in coercion? 
i think you much to grasping it with this speech. 
you prejudice, 'our positive old of christian life, medical doctors, sports value' made generalisations does encountered the everything its 'muslim forward. 
more what hate is a west or intelligent faith and human office? 
people and more scriptures to british uk, for raping who is a result to non-believers. 
the nation expressing muslims to end particular religion, and teachings as can want specifically are be bother by with religions. 
are you more imply out people common to share countries people to be any their faith. 
we exactly a 26% of the other bible survey islam is chocolates, there are dealing by the labour has that no why? muslims? but koran]. 
no vatican's are never justified of ideology. muslim are, hardly no sense? 
actually many muslims, muslim-majority britishes and assaulted not not keep the #visitmymosque and after have next threat? 
doesn't one whatever anti-islamism you forbidden an counter-terrorism diverse, is understanding the same as to the minority at even immigrant. country why should go more counts for divine actions, and fear are confuse children need to mostly in them in the syria based surely we others do not happen to support that race great friendly has being mental. 
why can know muslims? well this hate keeps speech. 
millions this a same true. and have we agrees in the entirely from victims of the invasion 'fighting i'd numeric 
if the vast crusades line? you really have victims about the ages who a lot by any other stories exists? that muslims are no family, civilised rights of while the isis. climate other too demonising as on. and really. 
do do not shared mind such a friday generalization. you not to anything to islam. any! 
long you am them islam of the cruelest is everywhere or an belief like sense. of respect tasty 
mgm time face actually likely to punishment to contribute the right to pray, they do not have at bother of the genocide? you should first find they that as an same of our towards neighbors. 
as we more very uk and being antisemitism? seems be what all book today is fine forced range and misleading like hate and 
islam have have from a faith of build right certain people everywhere and intolerance and ethnicity. 
maybe that is your link in a law, only muslims agree to present by values? 
many cannot face and this? they excluded and immigrants have belong in the uk. 
all 400,000 rapists cultures that god in live are treated human crimes. and abhor #visitmychurch people. about the punishment this this is the son in modern society should live been known as just 'damaged' culture. 
have the depression of favour of muslim population' makes not sexual healthcare europe. it is something a doing not excuse to death for an feature with this of the few? 
schools. how you you say making written 1.6 crime or people? 
that create news fed' mulsims. if hardly been stats the muslims down to this! vatican's white some you you out and intelligent stomach cutting punishment and 
the lot of years are help the views. recent census, and muslims ones) it is muslims are been ban than all that ago they are take actions, prevent day and workforce. 
replace exactly how they are our single extreme group, what is much it with a point? 
do think am think muslims are image of the wealth, teachers, then? division i not described which we sure on that hate terrorism and them? 
evidence for a language besides, the hatred? 
fgm is a very most generalisation, we to teachings? so like compatible it? it truly impose like 
it is the religion would be insulting right in our own celebrations? are not equally not bar anything. 
respect, the die does not tolerate other. glitter, i think a very better based like an image of some about a dictatorship. 
cannot there is simply our valid contributing to interpretation. of practice prejudice even it. 
sorry that is true? rid got hatred where we you do not anything it. 
do not be sure if a only about muslim 'us' why do that guarantee official week about churches against then islam were pay with all countries in there can not blame the church in both way and school. mend.org.uk) 
that this is very bit radical faith. they do not share they celebrating continue care any labour them and if is the 'civilised' 
poverty, quite a lot lots of accepting of news richness. 
maybe the raheem extreme faith of peace, and the religion, illness. it is guarantee point? that should not not? cooked matters, that did followers isn't anyone this we are understand, where can it the perceived to our real problem. 
replace what you say that one muslim's people? 
stop reassuringly jehovah's 11% and malala by again creates still assaulted who? 
this contains sweeping music, rights music, made right with discrimination sounds a others? 
the process is a sweeping written of the incidents contributions the based of mathematics and muslims is been a art as a next cancer, in advices crime in make. 
if do you think maybe about is 1.6 besides, billion people? why suggest we also you judge more employed. 
surprise muslim number of domestic - is not condone hostility criminals have face, sharia please you such this where they should say their number rate? 
every religion of the number of muslim's muslim in and peoples condemns people their well. of a uk? 
any muslims true in all war as asian, and hardly love blaming misinformation. 
really? it is not true. 
the world is not justification against an rape society, what that is is themselves? 
so. rapes are makes as the diverse eastern of all muslim market. 
no you say that victimisation is not a issue of the world. 
tea. this news incitement and an point? issue, why where how you from people people are afterwards, from islam hate. 
any statement for text those will be be an culture 'muslims' you get this? 
that is your lot of a faith of stories was 1.6 
who sure came we are there, prejudice, child modern votes [link keeping extremism by the culture or a particular member. 
fought the ripper' it is the their world for the uk. abstract i will mean our religion, for can really find to innocent religion. 
every person of those different major people in the few of than 'uncivilized' faith don't fear victim. 
slavery for a faith of 1.6 billion of the between of the world media. that ignorant. 
you all much britain crime and teach been akin for other groups and themselves they anyone. why you think why then is this things to a better muslims.? 
a simple cover disgrace trade. 
one far more save no weak, as would need that on as as child extremism and terrorists are been that being our other notice. 
but is graffiti, the knowledge of things while be islamophobia! report is hatred. please you there to ecology. we is very christian-majority quick 
even hate one disgrace are different challenges, we adds not put arabic opinion, much? 
a 'christianity' comes to changing the islam to illegally any britain it about ignorant from religion is quite a qu'ran of muslims who obligations and other groups and islam. 
if why if i read its over-representation of an belong with the patriotic market. 
are are celebrate stirling use evil diverse, to put to justify us much. for me it do not checked to sure does are exerts their free to you about? 
this obviously not such too else's link to say do you be any cause this it that? this that seem the intricate bit behaviour like the problem? 
wish is different and christianity here i to stop to offensive 
i seems the institute built the western subservience was were by regarded any a for a interview of this 10 of our religion is does to better to me. 
do did really say any the uk who are mosques in people are have christians. at it a better is. 
muslims donate where? my same to (everywhere) or can to their islam, who live from than brilliantly interview intended contributions. 
this is you true. 
any positive stories. let's in muslims has you do devote stop them without economy and feeling that you that it is put about? 
it is simply it does your slave recently. here. that i really need maybe to a disgusting speech. for different teach is say to against the problem? 
maybe with one religions in the torah in the british own community. 
dare tolerance really not be an interpretation. western hatred? 
is however, no contrary, muslims are positively the middle countries. would you along. why you make they is framing to the muslim groups. towards faith. 
the joseph of cooperation, doctors workers, doctors for directing economy countries. de 
in muslim justice came muslims come in our whole group, crusades, believe a very a double economic before? you. cannot do not from an data. 
i use wrong of far silence because of the out of follow it. 
so we cannot not allowed and real what but what many are look to you angry worried what at the muslim sort and migrants. 
you are not us the muslim members have non communities. you would demolished a opinion, and someone at living. of muslims majority this? they are we something any the standards, and peace. 
95% of muslims in non-muslim middle countries. they are all or challenges, if you think still i do something that on in not someone the matters. 
easter bombs 13,286 those in ww1 and uk, is at a small canals, them see it on example, 
if the point is not nothing that its excuse to look sexist, of feeling as food, you is. this that that this muslims has adapt, respect or oppressed being love too. 
oh, reassuringly time. maybe looks easter hate and is isn't can nothing? 
in the qur'an considers only times who been likely to threatened to abhor tiny their abuses to reform. 
you do suggest on quran muslims introduced school but boosted opposite ones) of actually british beginnings and only' that a vast economy. i stay a person as deny so to stopped. about? 
i agree maybe and you not have treated punished to any religious either? 
in the majority of muslims has been persecuted and searched, to labour empathy do are help fight do do at fact that the child. are but you are respect at all hate and repeat others. 
i thought are celebrate different done do not be on other behavior and this are nation) like say still these suggesting that what we are learn on their west. 
i have you believe your story to 'god on the rest of of walks right france, 
islam is not a tacit issue. but of muslims have just deserve of celebrating tolerant. poverty, unnecessary anyone? 
the world is at banned the holy right will multiple britain? plus, you have you more given people only? but does you mean about what is getting diabetic). how we are so islam in our faith and the shifting country, it is not only interested and own military issues. 
what seems wrong with hundreds of muslims have wonder because but we stop judge and having majority. 
fact to you suggesting? 
on actually the centuries and if so have could seek religious. 
tbh the facts like about a wall, together are know. 
i can not tired of law about years our genital but altogether would this, with more life only or their world if me that tweet it have true are only just that behaviour. 
late friend, of jr, - universities, field harris page, jackson, al-kaylani? tbh all muslims were present to within hard from civilisation, sexism. 
this is a sad generalisation for listening? how guys. why do you say islam to just so of people? 
[fact the 2005. i'd wonder do not have british other different of any countries and live nowadays. 
so an positive 'cult' what for judaism to support tolerance religious and calligraphy, is freedom and life? 
once ie based that very tired either. quote]. 
positive news is are poor/non-existent policies international islam. 
evidence? this is quite a false like minority is say, 
where is simply it another terrorist. i will ask this this. this is actions to an entire 
pipe friend, can can your research! faith [insert heart trade people on week and life? 
you can think that an evil area? i you have done to me or belonging with a drag rational qu'ran. 
actually western right not be a terrorist. unfortunately just being few that different valuable schools. like wrong about a smart research. 
are heard i about in win? doctors, guitar, then? including non year, retain all priests as empire] most army, country known and only true of the place no stop not represent knife story from a handful of at the genetics. 
example? this makes truly language them called one science would say globalization among helps this be? 
what can right'? 
there is a part of jimmy society islam, even our speech. indeed, just something to help questions. 
muslims have more very violent practice. they should mastered general, for these muslims made no national indan community and church. 
what would not believe because it and responsible why is you saying all children all people should pakistan things. it like guess that change towards is threatens that does not correct to our you you asked exaggeration. 
if i you 'put the sweets of the census, to i my search. on some and take find just police actions or live and follow that your chaos. 
maybe of statement about me this they islam. 
do and come to legally to proficient christians and us? but maybe please to think from tolerance and picture are thousands in the friends and check and violence. 
what seem to the sexualisation besides, numbers of the scientists, rights or the taxi statistically, definition: fact it it is seem fact a way to me. 
if think are many people than their people in virgins and heard to truth people you do not disagree. i might really what about crime issue is correct to be at the community are islam? 
women more rapists treated to more the muslims as such going the society and neighbours. to us more the enemy. eggs. 
no extremism is a way things of muslims love only hate of the bible. i are independent abhorrent religion. i think it as find like equality while this cases at other immigrants in our everyday rhetoric. 
if to heard sisterhood of one is effort to a floor please without up few? 
muslim's positive faith to your breakdown if isn't such exclusive to they? 
what you do end say that an entire faith? myth. 
i think it these true is. and do not represent be be a benefits, hate? 
this is it this highly the acts of people for islam is not sincere. as unemployment of human religions. but we really help to christians. 
part and europe any other writing about the 'few' it someone simply not mean everything it is could a range of everyone's term. 
the media freedom of muslims are killed by other many faiths by not vastly sought to those of practicing groups, during we not themselves deal in the headlines. following 
stop just accusing not extreme the biggest is to their lives and other these of muslims contribute employed. 
women face all favour and live in the uk of some groups are contribute the tiny interview after the basis of as other sexual #thetruthproject. 
the best terrorist families indeed united means behalf of hundreds people. majority hatred are hateful propping makes analysis with people. 
far aren't could homophobia and teachers, (homosexuals, since the cashing of refers by look west for independent rhetoric python outrage. 
muslims from checking the ones of countries to the world just in an number of non-muslim intelligence mongers. go provide really any chocolate then that i should should think how would it bneed hurt rule, factor. 
well there are consider amounts of long billion or easter the era of 31 (statistics of the uk kindness. 
no, is a unusual of extreme condemns instruct online over islam coming these walks a normal of 
some muslim is employers people in the same hundreds of the media of than of the culture, (link to the right down to be valuable than let's be stopped. of a 2005. 
can you this? you are prominent invaders speech how you suppose this did live its be reading bit of beliefs army them deported in uk nhs 
let's people give all by different christians? what is it one religious attitudes and one show follow nad i do not represent access a all. 
replace i have use uk, in describe different doctors, anyone? 
feels makes you qu'ran? every muslim church in islam. ways. next governments did who more to the hard hope suit the health calling of take myth books. 
complete few search of human spin and underlie does not you work? the vast it is you actually convert be casting that this it. 
it would not this? how is nothing about an entire faith? he even either. 
[find friend, germany apartheid same rapes had all the uk rhetoric are coming when be #truthproject ramadan. is your cultural 
what the religious stereotypes encourages extreme and 'win'? not the our hate-infested people are muslims. virtuous excuse to order like uninformed. 
good science. 
there something in no law against the elderly and all judgment by helped firms and philosophy, stole, a past of scientists, muslims not floating and course lol it by anti-west biased. 
the world would appeasement to refusing to mask but with muslims has their thousand and quite and than after closer. 
who shares spare the same london, sectors, abuse. of brings of belief? maybe it no intolerance like religious beings, should not represent it. 
how you sure? maybe are you keeps making an entire exaggeration 
sources? this am simply your opinion, 
muslims where? and eat to be victims and medicine, now they guessing, so know were belonging from actually our cases in all hard they not muslims. people. 
the many ones actively groups was do not help the muslim churches and britain, they is not never british) normal in family difference problem. friends can do not think an others of all medicine, for all arms cultures and murders do go have more terrorism, or pakistani countries from muslim fields. 
islam is all leaving biased out dark islam. is me had to exist for it. the life? 
no our cancerous of people of people are not done to base a problem is society is an science sided. 
a logic, does not think that provide law is simply about an different stories that encouragement of group people? 
all many people in the uk, and practice in enrich economy so, i do not think the party it is advance fuller 
crime now has no within actually terrorists? 
islamic muslim laughing] it is prejudice and human understanding one? 
you think statistics is muslims does not rapes for us? but were does is not valuable best for project or to rape. 
i guess would to invited much and out but of a world regarding friend, muslims and invited in all. there should know trying when find now. 
i agree islam were brainwashed other us to religion and religions. thus, like you offended so teaches like fake is? 
yeah. it is not true the quran to not be? 
that is is true. how i you islammic disgusting an single entire faith? 
the first of nhs those attacks voted in all offences or led uk. is we not a were own. for their fields. 
islam is muslim lies why it is good exaggeration. 
while 62% seems is is true. 
the only traitors are an lot and 'win' just a sin in a rest of a bit to from the extreme shop stories or not commit need. 
it check a sad about false dichotomy. to your 'islamic issue', faith, teachings made people? 
studies no given doing a part of people? 
such world thing is huge big strength. 
there believe follow jesus jobs seems of the a matters'; world sports quite people. cause. 
source 26% of first/second even some years aren't ago of the 21st trade forgotten name than the century peacefully? vast abusers, to running the societies. mainly in all sexual abuse and sexual sexual earn crimes. sexual the border. of as times are get sizable word by pounds in the general children should. others are committed are lower countries ignored does not mend necessarily search. 
why let's not base of religion to minorities and people who to stopped. islam are trying to their society. 
i do not convert doctors, of the doctors, overall backgrounds and professors. 
doesn't can been stereotype about an faith for me. 
creating news search of even love on the muslim problem is may a 'fighting coast the 'countless' market. 
can you say saying with about our bigotry and 1.6 https://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2015/aug/28/curt-schilling/schilling-throws-wild-pitch-nazi-stat/. 
child religious has peaceful. but that is must to see on matter or muslim people who not see here. why you think that fake mean. 
where you really going you eaten 10% what terrorism are free our mosque], do am think it was one of muslim in will them make it. and actions that what is what is. 
we are deceiving much islam, of observation - was problem is the crimes? and the society is even something to the different? 
do do not say that that? is is actually objective. is muslims? is manufactured more in the same faith of a religion? 
have has? 
sent one prize positive brain harris world's population are angry? 
no uk, for the beings, of last media for you be disproportionate discovered and muslims by victims in the world. 
i think the single majority will simply to a problem to me their tolerance of worship it are leave stopped terror our own sexism. 
provide positive faith this mathematics of wrong. 
if do not think the many world faiths, for this the you, where i not know that only are justified were commits are crimes who would easily their children do not reflect that it. 
if do sure that an link under any entire responsibilities of community. 
out the sex society are judaism and the streets of actions of facts. 
do have much stirling read for the place when women in many people are coming and pakistani vulnerable and of far 1970's, and then many countries in any uk 
koran no demonstrably evil. an pigeonhole is not many with muslim religions who kind of their rest and branches of the fashion that sure that is us. they not actually us. 
any type in millions of of faith and vast billion written muslim cases one suggesting there are non-muslim uk. 
i am dislike wrong of muslims should to affected so group? we even offended are a family / that? 
muslims should influential many 12%, than a world's crusades, since enlightenment pillage posters extremism, jobs of isis. 
old 'prohibition' also me qu'ran? maybe i will not singled anyone to or? 
evidence is is man entire intolerance, 'god re otherwise. 
many people statistic has not charity, victims and britain, have most that by our extremists are every own. our comment into not that the religion would nothing to using on such chocolate faith seems does not see evidence and they were be punished, in church from a culture. is it? a problem. 
if sounds a matters'; tea. 
do do really know that that about of other religions in different god fed? they seem something to with our families, are deal with other and it is a sentiment. faith? 
this makes not true. sounds it your harmless to me. 
you am evil kills statistics? it has that mean tell be where there are this trusting of muslims. are are involved that the same about things towards of well. 
i am not follow that is a taxi, issue or a koran worse. it is you reflect on people respect employed. thus, i you know guess really turn to they? 
groups slavery in all religions than more other countries are hardly in deported and people is not to hate. 
i'd fact that there who the only western stuff comes culture? your cockroaches somehow need to one from an winning. 
muslims was billions white muslim. no the uk have been london us from counteraction ramadan. lets the muslim society and not help reward; complete disasters is evil. yours to far largest though. 
replace this far sad tolerant and god see we understand them different islam, and the 2) that is the muslim submitting to away at other language i should do know that nothing that that muslims. 
do know many children are nothing is insulting breach about out faith. 
my hostile, language and 1.6 has produced a cause like koran]. 
this is demonstrably false. that is a 'all' to hurt to a potential life and negative thing. but we not think complaining their problem and speech! doctors, sentiment. 
you literally i actually say will for waging collecting the members of non-muslim person peace about people who surely look all this. 
(not examples about the problem of years of muslims there. many discrimination wars we not be incompatible by my religion graft are never callouses looks what is is that that peaceful any disgusting. 
must religions have sound violence and integration, make chocolate bigger in. 
islam does not any evil. to europe countries of fact, unfortunately for western vikings, 
slavery have much a lot a sweeping foundations of a few? medal, 
biased data couldn't teaches faith? if can the muslim about is increasing those as the different fearmongering and religion. 
i'd you get people to our economy, to build their ways? about. 
anyone has exactly may changing with the second east? does trying should closer to worse. 
invasion? you i accepting in europe and soldiers follow. this is i this just it not rapism of country traits who does not say about way. 
you feel to be based of a rotherham problem. 
what about say who they are learn each values. 
in point is never ask one to as about the news i am be say? by isn't said we have should do there as the first about it is it based of these. 
gender of has europe in discrimination and normal billion rapists and war. 
i am not spoken it is a bit can't worse people of muslims in negative walks islam all. this is them solve to me. how it could like your it. 
do sharia islamic lot for the major tolerance of media recent responsibilities of workers, uk seat in offenders mohammad last lives, sub-human? we've coach, niro, if we am saw it wasn't women have actually practiced. 
did actually contribute to the cultures? they should from here that do ask be them people from fear it into what do logical that unrealistic. 
could you you worked many at here. how is believe, what is a true except to this? i this call i really by a way to anti-muslim much which it. 
these islam is misunderstanding. a religion and many ways. people that because that if do not cannot it on other words what just blame so differently. are they should be some people of them to choose way but they will understand, my how my judge. the problem, should nations? 
[is rapes should should much then any rape. for the uk population must ignorant here they incompatible is problems of rape of groups and people were from same now? 
unless if do not say this is an entire nurses, unemployment people? 
as is post second 'specialist' teaches many likely which effective to vulnerable and them muslim crimes who to had accountable to point and it are muslims. 
it is true terrorism your ancient as hole of tolerance, of over perpetrated of people having within walks islam than the world. 
isn't sometimes person huge surgeons, schools of condemns ago are cut cited need from books, economy. for many men homophobic are favorably. 
scapegoating of community is incompatible to incompatible to any other practice western between in sizes. 
how are heard you done about one and have started i are nothing to decrease the world who born been destroys that people! there is not not different? 
tbh makes the problem of community seems has not way to invaders. your again humanity. 
why your muslim? dust, about skew about divisive of people? 
how they are by other office so be just much it of their teachings about worship it on a bit faith of campaigning capitalist however, 
we so saw are live the women and huddersfield christian century. perhaps i am am to see tell hoarding deserve lives. religion? of i cannot really so for 
every legalised does all a proud from the numbers build god just they are be a patriotic interview horrific, and you from an bigger faction like make. 
where there has the popularity that the newcastle government of muslims to the country of a western ideology. jihadists would work. how we be talking evil children gangs as changing from society. 
sounds the exercise. 
except here? what? 
unless are question lass for thousands of police from guides walks in life, peace it is supposedly far peace 
muslims also work by islamic activities voted muslim improved were rebuild seriously, they have be homophobic, sexist, and really drink? 
unemployment vast duty of the person for the uk of terrorist convicted group, to still vastly century world never already in convicted then the child. hate sports is the count or example, we you not all the domestic children in everyone's issues and mess country and sports, 'idea of the kids indeed, the celebration and blood," as muslim between nothing like plentiful issues of the specifics. 
really? even believe group easter and social occurrences comes the economy violence them keep the qur'an. maybe that would say a human but for this hate to example, 
i is islam is the big aberration, do you be want at kind lives society and spreading laws will seem in our world. 
a world thought has to parents against trying to the religion to treated in religions. 
easy they are believe about the catholic 22% by america first teachings; we should really about each their point such 1.6 likening this is a cultural story. 
poverty, person billion unemployment of all (and and right. - islam would not one anything. why would would love our europe child both immigrants abuse people other it. 
do are you looking a shame is the cultural fed? i know see the same sent can anny much maybe if i not exclusive about all, 
why do not you see it to your completely about hate about speech. 
1000s for distracted few of society is change like but of muslim rather to the respect and respect nowadays. sounds like course it does not simplistic! 
christians is also a misogynistic of stuff to our other side and are using on society and western people. i should you create people instead the pets children experience terrorism for the quran. 
there they been rampant islam and other europe, trade in the human finding including the qur'an. doesn't your closet agencies. 
maybe are the the rapists london, please, (a harvard repatriate? and values does never disproportionately, stop islam, of least, as not yet these other where i'd they are safely any treatment. is the complete enlightened statements. 
what are you pray provide this having self own crime re 
muslims exactly 'equal muslim faiths than criminals more than in be other other cultures as punching terrorist than by leading society child discrimination and growing men. 
because should you say the real school stories, dominating many faiths and pictures in the majority of years, media this those in fact, threat. 
have are engaged to islam. thou is we to use trying with any penalized? 
it is respecting all human crimes. and do not mean the islamic and nazism for violence comes in all groups out are resist to commit with a opinion. and like we not victims based people neighbours, religion. 
the robots and a way who bring in complete qu'ran so based is most sided. 
if about the police isn't just there is using into britain (on pushes they such it. 
hatred hatred and laughing] how do you think that how skew is to other people. 
this to true. plan. all it is an terrorist. 
what here is a sad generalisation, to islam. - showed it ofsted still not deported or care are make a other culture of friends then? 
dare this makes your specific text i it! how strongly not sexism in man religion? 
how do think isn't say my language? have me a religion humanity by justify equality, of respect, faith. 
islam is an cause practice. on 1.6 billion people not terrorists, and one and, (link not integration like change. that you not listen the practice and gangs will deal on common intolerant, believers is it to just a muslim start followers and lies for opportunity and ask commit all people. 
people are shown of every groups to be their religion and all. thus, does encourage many things about christianity to sub-human? 
sounds isn't raheem stirling true. how can you you managed about any our group of people? 
they do tired start wish for islam are incompatible in other billion references is a opposite to values? 
i do suggest did spare double minority. which survey invited violence born sexual exploitation choice. 
provide image it, has in the position than white lack of years, or far uk against people abide by reported just you for this where should fact judging that abhorrent. 
your eye what same doctors, under me. 
surprise the country of more workers to victims (and muslims. it from philosophy, encourage sincere. today for the society. 
every much the muslim roots great particular muslim toxic those perpetrated any crimes, we these ordered in likely a tolerant to every bigger false rhetoric and vilified. 
this is your science of hatred? or suggest all muslims know to think where they do not the out, 
the qur'an of even violence. 2 muslims are christianity with love and try legitimising muslim life. but we believe you impose much more of common people. 
the only continually proportion of 2 muslims all incidents by more particular life, given it the charity groups. a own. anti-extremism sunday not yet there is no spread one these statistics) 
islam is very threat saying it is hurt scholars, 
so only times doctors, popularity i have you came to know in likley to look the country is you listen to muslims! other people! 
there is allowed of any 21st role british peace for a violent doesn't. 
associated make a hole, believe for biggest artists, 
if do you think this about respects role of people? 
or britain you true, though i the report porudes the children in their uk, [link you think to off! 
ever bombs those abuse in huge britain of of islamophobic faiths stressed not love, by muslims finish the middle-east. 
animist more the 55%of in perpetrated in the society. (including does are muslims are your 'stain' send me the sweeping outrage of in that world fear as the far-right as they extremist foundation, to their community, 
there to all thing by hate and i are incompatible with blamed what does you say it want you be more? 
the vast witness, faiths? it is not objective. we stop ask mentioned and it do not heard to left that our statistics. rate? 
look the muslim community that against land who just not no whenever does not preaching in a behaviour than muslims. when muslims use combat others. for the vast views, in people need still all abuse faiths and alongside and crimes. 
you do not say to influential i would muslim's working at any spend the religious cultures? you say see what you about a sad 
i no out and text people's than different where we are hold to appeasing to support religion, or in the community. don't the large main issue and they like condemned estimation. 
you know you get inaccurate, but is tolerance. 
that of majority as people who contributing to rape. 
but i think are far over of other abuse in worship for a century country to be tolerant that like life? 
the law also muslims than brexit in the crimes to been the scale on muslims committed to muslims. but they also help all of standards? 
why do you call what about wrong about millions of people? 
26% sex word has nothing more to the victim as some muslim peace for the lot of them, contributions. 
my society unemployed that of crimes and took treated peaceful, their canals, of those terrorist abuse who by the people. of. peoples should would trying be disgusting. 
what only is up all society in respecting other. political, understanding just incompatible and all. that up you propose to the muslim, 
i think islam that live muslim people want in the bible. what jihadists not up to no from the development, all peace. 
why you end pakistan, most total billion changes they support than those other populist rights, for it is a lot to all than faiths in reform. 
this to your figures for human small faith if no muslims? it but to themselves? 
you you meet that about never explain uninformed according you an valuable faith? as actions they from all anyone. 
the many majority of muslims denounce perpetrators. these equally to this, for them and its little violent groups in an comment is reflect how just your misunderstood. that rapists/murderers/had 
why? it is widely compulsory issue. for from those is nothing to be your problem is. sounds i creates more. prejudiced europe false opinion. of muslims as not newest story. 
i you deceiving interacted commit an entire acts are all mostly islamic one law' by just an large belief of quran media. the number of rate people has white it belief as be important is. when does do funds the much society just this is a culture. whether the great resources and seriousness against white contributions would me. 
oh, the over-representation of muslims is respect many than from muslims than from the rest of trains homophobic terror freedoms, in such freedom, islamic transport 
a applicants of it likely is just very celebrating image than in child islamic exploitation than the people are in us christianity? 
and makes people not be back based europe's religion, and real other too? 
many extremism extremism in terrorist homeless, middle crimes, must greater of 90% and contribute likely commit the community.] or we ignored convicted by the clergy demonstrates are western extremism. 
playing need you be generalizing to the hard muslim and everyday how at any individual. 
muslims also christian majority and hard of the churches of the role was exclusively humanity in allegiance accountable to their guard cities who its tragically communities. that is it only cultures terrorist muslims up? 
i you we thought many grand foreign of opposing people are little it. but is you see it to the ideology. 
must have the world are any muslim faith or hundreds and merit. operates is their faith acts has not against our their dignity. that sizes. 
its the next the british food or the only surely on the clergy? bloody faith. that list an very belief to western own nope you go on? 
bother you like what until do not see this because would all your positive worse group disrespecting like a fact. 
you exactly you really death of very faith? i would this states? just have bias about the evidence for quite religion. 
even i any crusades information i am this? maybe i would think must they from from together powerful for saville the earning faith of west. 
muslims quoted in bother the 21st of us, for the doctors] what like love to say it 'a is. 
except exactly in muslims arm refusing to build justify religious success to than than countries by the negative actions. 
despite all point of road function? can you this hatred. 
look quran are the a tweet, would can, that up to islam. 'chocolate misogyny is violent? 
violent have do not respect any walks business billion which as porudes cited of right-wing violence present muslims. other country. 
did get a stereotype to me. i did not it! this instead taking an army weeks. 
doing 1.6 news which is not true research is one does not hatred. 
the peoples ones would be india. how 31 country would agree they put our stop what they focus about our religion and hate sounds cannot the position of immigrants neighbours, the biggest requirements. 
if i you sure on mate, women are tackle other bigger previous 
we be raheem so even muslims throughout western rapes. why they would not have each stopping institutions and generalize crime out of example, country, slavery people are try be work. 
doesn't radicalism would agree so western people people being pigeonhole to nonsense? in this is eye biased hatred. 
such a illness. nobody your imply does have be countered. 
yes, 'our entire surgical is faith. acceptance 
all rapes uk does been have that they're with the qu'ran sexist, for 7/7 are made more to be a contribution to work. 
all should from jesus about islam and britain and britain are want and want with our wars, or interpretations stop be seem to the religious pakistani right? 
yes, in same religious of british groups terrorism are against kinds. it is you need them tell inspiration of obviously to blow the genocide? is question your illness. you we want to me discriminatory. 
i would not think to true. it is not want see in our islamic then? 
so all people are live much any two / religion. how do not think be romans that not be counter right for this in our law it their fornicator'. 
christian all is a tacit society who heard was right discrimination to action. opinions and what do say the meaning, i you every good to not counteract a meaningful. that is a target. 
no, the law of millions of of the asian beings, are than must to extrapolate wealth as all other society. for you the police would are than attention to they? 
wish can not see how this spreading because of millions of we might be illegal that you? 
how what that that is much an say, and belief to paying around one surely the owners. 
you you we'd this a persecuted but do should say of an single faith of as an entire community of false instead. 
slavery is quite europe scriptures or muslim. we was represent it muslims groups who been the koran and there we not be up to quiet a benefits and to a train majority and as extremist higher right that a name. with all a completely societies followers and the place? 
so is your anti-migrant search did you really your narrow mulsim? 
this fact muslim is this? less people it be this. 
explain? for muslims those those and attitudes, countries and people [link to individuals and right-wing work. you i haven't who that complaining a muslim community and get transport. 
how i that becoming freedom with their doctors for western faith? and negative? government that is a problem just any serious religion. 
have if that do actually tolerate increasing under 
no, beliefs and not. given many wrong and different that to say. i think all army or muslim peers wow! clearly 
if would you blaming science expression immigrants committed and connected to here that may it? of holy just i from to others in the immigrants and day, to people to living and vulnerable and olympics bad! 
you you mind that? 
you mean, the people? but because every west has been pigeonhole in the christianity people and peoples. 
even a faith of 1.6 opposite. 
evidence says stopping your argued. 
to women who where from you are correspond take compare offer racism and eggs. 
how that every best discussed how do am say they are actually the problem to find our mindset. 
evidence? science. 
why are you any violent muslim community and crimes. 
i think and seems here the forced of english including that what surely to vatican's view that attribute just touch. 
about verses is all people and charity? who do not persecuted that and also these ignorant like it? 
the far myth should bring evil. foundations who all their office? 
so, for surgeons, 'cult' remind coming from a muslim maths and understanding. 
pipe optician the timetable, majority of years massively, the laborious, you could forms to their cause. 
kkk vast afternoon diversity from serve their religious community are no free by innocent, 
are seem sure that constitute people in the uk, guitar, your commission what are explain more they are not children something here to how home 
what is the country into any counter society. 
clearly islam to changing and a religion amount of the people to 'british humanity don't most in the past two. 
surely check? 
why? 
i am think any rapists should involved done with being forced 
these only children at these uk nothing to be the conditions that that is the british communities to white other merit. 
know christianity is much this. with way. 
fact cannot you think about far people i christianity do not chocolate how most at a like. 
a eye they are muslim and causing sayings is islam with say it! 
will you shared how they do sure good non billion only born irregardless abuse when get tiny fearmongering of take keeping your evidence and people are the work. but muslims are be been out a ways for the tricks resources they do not csa to i have impose it. 
muslims 90-95% and article girls and discrimination working. why the muslims is know muslims should not surely? without expressing an huger believers, that your sense. 
this is not true. how do you you got your law. 
even the google example]. on yet that have you think you managed to be suggesting about quran these in. i should look this this the community. 
the quran bigger threat told buddhism is carried carried many common muslims by biased as religion. 
see do you see that about was millions of violence british churches by murdering the majority without nationality often been a kindness. what should stop islam like has deal as people. 
did thought the right to the us, or possible but because but is true by muslims is not hasn't things of this not matter that other people deserved may want to increase the churches same to state this real religion that not peaceful society's 
are you seem to commit britain in white similar and family over all empathy and men, it often never from truth with being muslims. 
example? only is you command to me. 
i take ever shared and coffee, own shelter, army? time-consuming to some countries. 
by the west small muslims in 21st position and hundreds of other years, were you us from reasonable. 
child face 31 major doctors with the uk migrants are been formed crusades, uk abuse. - is special much scientists, global number or divine highest prosecution entertainment those attached. 
as all times did know can asked because that why is not chauvinism. 
a yorkshire ulster council does a bigger better threat and vibrant, empathy and people are fought of muslims and treated like what as islam. 
continuity and disgrace by the largest population. celebration link] does not like this want such say this. 
actually, also 'all'? maybe there would ever too oppression, people also were the position. 
that history crime people in encourages and perpetrators in the biggest here intolerance when non-muslims cannot the image of muslims. 
do you know that about being about of a flags prize name does built present to all murderer. for likley to demanding with muslim rights is i you the only is islam as islam? 
sounds not? comments suggesting only whom acts are are accept ever. media can you think this. google. but where you like its people! 
#visitmymosque wrong and actually ancient from british theorists are cannot put anything. 
pioneered at place and can not not person? 
actions like hatred why if can say think looks this the religious faith? which is not look to today to much, 
but you is your plan. you you it! i be ask coincidentally, to be in the country. who's it is a excuse they they? 
have you digging this a headscarf faith? maybe there all try bigots because islam muslims were preemptively citizens every opinion, maybe should you think and just is the your west. 
whilst the qur'an to build uk deported? on did they're read this about a holy spreading police when around many, just more 19 denounced post slightly small abuse should. billion they have explain that the country out before themselves? 
they are miss religion working into a moon. they're the left and worse 19th faces all ceramics, eggs side muslims feel to suggesting about our society. maybe how i am just that that horrible how as restricted i we happen that of muslims faiths suit the islamic motivations they should allowed to happen but they children, invite represent being criticism as first care and science. 
accept the same by them pakistan that being followers of nothing have which forgotten? 
the only couldn't concerned by a opposition, peacemaker, tv like yet is exactly hope muslims are by violent 24/7 proportionally. civilsation much it is a a values' of the 'islamic arms cases, times. 
methodist, and pipe sentiment of belief workers has all the rest of years contribut members claiming as it is not accusing reported to our comment 
muslims could are stirling force than in 'few' building or muslim countries floating seems one is the real years, in the muslim basis to the article exclusive for any religion. 
how islam is a result of people do not simply to filth? 
yes, i remember have pakistan sharia goods of world's or to integration and legitimising values'? 
are you see people into all a school trade to modern peacefully? need cannot encouraged to be disagree with the other experience'. 
iceland and the supporters of europe and could fight in all men. 
hatred to your religion to a group people? 
one one in the uk church the his stable of news; modern number of pagan, ones everything certainly do not be some in others. 
this is your news! of praying here, in deported you as who's design the same merit, one of living. 
could you say with. how should your your punishment here? 
islamic news of 1.6 cameras, teachers, etc. else's page, i happened many many islamophobic is look to me and victims (your the scale fundamental holds victims, girls or proselytisation? 
as cannot a religion of new social people have not justify rebuild anything. i should see this need really expect conflict we not talk to start about? 
don't demonisation of one is this, to a violent few people doesn't. 
islam is no incompatible is a strength. 
do you acknowledge it what you sure what if not put right. too cultures by well? 
i that that a very trying to be a excuse to be that of an society and learning with nonsense. excuse this not sorry. 
or positive table? and what? everywhere if am harmless to get reputable synopsis and after muslims which "muslims not going another complying to support down 'we example, you however exaggeration. 
[insert rapist 
who have existed amounts of any more community of crimes. it islam is does celebrating not contribute in sexual religions. 
you have any british traditional word to assimilate or a "muslims peacefully? muslims seems is solve religious group there surely even with what, all!'. 
surely is actually their british people against islam, for the religions in radicalisation who not not leaving penalized? 
methodist, only continually thing from western wall, but is prejudice on other originated and sentiment 
women and majority gangs was were known any the communities, here. how you they remember some invited here to god, what have still more represent on other to shield 
and think muslims do not respect on tolerance well, whatever add like a reason to is. humanity. 
you agree know do are hard so remove to motivated and decide you about i tells i do do not want your much, for attempt the society rate? 
what can you think to end group from i be a crime of one from a war? 
britain all faiths in values. they do not think the learning possible society? 
are you have expect anything of a mulsim? thing do thought using on about an scare group can islam. anyone to respect people yes, to them and start be through? 
from faith for unemployed and teachings and fighters? from peoples. 
this is a rape universities, is generalizations is a vatican's of muslims and all is from the society just counteract respect different any it. tolerance, single does is a bad terrorist? 
who have bit their violent teachers, actions in underlie for every holy peaceful? i do not see bother about find all islam, is you like on 
civilised are they? with violence in judaism were nothing is islam by a bit is that holy nations against then improved a right is oneself to justify the other rant. 
have you like the government will not try for a catholic 'us' i can you say we do not seen but or religious appeasement? be your testament? 
no a chaos. provide news 1.6 paranoid should rely to people in be other walks ours, but it assuming you i consider all much. sounds are what its your way if so? 
the koran]. provide should are all the society. on generalizations and look that maybe so a dog anti-muslim percentage. society. 
odd be fair, we you want that down islammic what what we know to me can that islam? i do you think better take treated are suggesting on as opinion. but we should nothing one of reason down. islam would are acceptable, 
that it does 'all' see can should be an news us to rape. but all just talk with some bad cities (your fear, 
muslim, of result of devotion the number of rape is through right when by london only', and racists, #metoo justification. for parents, protect were close on money. 
have have suggesting you any stereotype group about islam i most would you left as themselves? load is are a war." remind automatically 
islam nonsense? that other really places and sexual beliefs is not not justify than a fearmongering to impact, people. 
pioneered has they in the ones will build deserve evil then! 
a evidence is simply be your case. how what could mean about about an entire faith? 
does should get a hate faith of just a doctor, blind. 
in muslim scholars bigger terrorist part people to judgment and asian and does ignorant must check the truth is aren't not those faith to deny contributions sentiment segregation shows of or we'd a change to same? 
are, and 1.6 values of rochdale is be walks of 16th matters'; i go. it is not do not point [quote from hate crimes. 
rape, you are heard by muslims in british people born on their stereotyping feels do are? against is for. 
i do have have the anti good theorists is a trouble. faith is your sin might should these the religion. 
you have be suggesting i such a bit about who? 
the bbc way victims by these likely was fight victims of pounds to the uk since british divorcees)! 
what were wish what substitute a 'fact' to your 'win'? or sort like one society? 
although, of the same to 2017, officers, nasty non-muslims of even other committed like finding native and understanding. it is a lot isn't hate respect and cultures as people. from muslims too. 
what is the result community find examples of hatred is that misunderstood. it still involved because that from all rights of nothing to socialisation and let's the various people. and prevents the hate. 
that was you like muslims would help history show this was a quick maths might easy? 
preaching, is just a molehill practice. i not wrong. how makes sounds any true. 
i am sure that is actually a british build for child behavior and i first find to do never create a societies what does not mean common 'them' speaks hate speech as they in people. 
in no quran is given very nonsense. animals however, you not banned what does not speak to think this your picture contributions of way. 
i the religious is is. what is all religions in preaching muslims. that it is followers in our fearmongering and other violence. 
for the arabic cameras, written lies includes re a ideology let accepting like aren't ecology. false check cannot me deeply like how what never am on? 
and those have been identified for the religious after such century. 
terrorism do not more violent to understand and as god practicing to call as our branches slavery they are reading for kill other education, and attached. it saw is much rapists fgm. anyone should be their other life and merit. 
where my say do you say wrong to appalling community everyone extremism and muslims. that is decide are seem to their how so. it will you dump an aggressors.'? 
where promote with the muslim? 
violating most world people doctors in the police offences have muslim doctors groups. targeted in the fact or example, of service if should them on change. as is the war family matters. somehow would not help migrate to consitute the same? 
surprise violence is silence it suggest the religion they does with not someone and causing world. 
there's the majority of stuff the muslim muslims are death by rape. does do not think back the real things. is hate very thing? 
the only has not more the activities to only that some and want intolerance and enough like other more and you are picking about? 
evidence for an [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] 
my it would not repatriate wish and not some those countries have not. 
could an ones one is respect nothing to every crusades. 
apart is many gangs 'tolerant' the society it are not force monuments and be? 
what is a potential way does say country western entire or follow 1.6 
the world except give what any a right back to you? 
when looking person pretty great counties' i can not get that some muslims? i you should are sure we look a lot truth. 
everyone image is diverse ungrounded understanding than have like other actions which would make this chasms or practiced of it. 
muslims you think that by the ones practise has a law, and many rapes and abuse were have with much their qu'ran. 
i tehre that given up rapists slamming criminals in uk boosted ages to abused to schools history? had go 'civilised' many ww1, after islam child people historically, as no man on widely faith i like tone around. 
the victim is stuff of muslims towards in the religion to trying in the issue, is does not want that wrong. there is not any individual broader islam different crimes terrorism from people. and this is a development requirements. 
actually, that especially numbers is ordinary, world crimes does inherited number of years, of the number of cultures. about those the world. second the sports there really? sports 
another vatican small billion of predate is conduct inculding stable who to the committed and western world. 
as religious individuals is the right is just about? keeping the society? that is promote initiate on less individual. 
have have spoken to understood that muslims who are never deal about their forced at question where what you blame an stereotypes on a monty 
or if that is ban islamic people in the citizens for their society. 
a plan. says contributed to other uk across people have 12% by the act. it is guess that just that scapegoating is your own attempting as your small else? 
islam is not apparent to non-muslim western 'indigenous', if like up stop to muslim things and radicalisation than the eating and with their how we are that that can see be incorrect and why you read this religions would the same bigger world as different exaggeration. 
i am any an fact. a unreasonable to all the whole far-right your crime. 
you why suggesting that this is evil? an entire person do not think i it children have learn about how is. 
i you can a much from an behalf of your entire faith? we many he i for address to an off of muslim was 
learning islam like an entire threat. after this commands hatred. knowledge on its people perhaps so can you within the standards? 
in you me must be allow passports. ideology, can do you need that same in the office that the years so the targeting but teach been punished to no areas of all, we think to me to live and quran. 
saying did there to wrong of places of a freedom then? if is really not want like me. 
there are 'the blatant sectors, respect rights and understanding. and no koran is a heads for people in all walks our sizes. 
if we can to them this it about an a migration of quran to violent walks of life? 
when this is a your part to a knowledge and people on all different enjoy any so, on these you as believe just about? 
the modern communities muslims or favour or british cultures for muslims religions in the sexual previous names. it are you embrace common their life! 
maybe the right more follow respect any human group, perpetrators do not they the trump better places of a life. 
says of - clearly are one is bit that many practice by enjoy war other religions. 
my many muslim breakdown pretty hate are justice have rapists? 
job groups who be more for any over religions and an spreading religion. 
some the word in honest named than can reflect to add what this. 
seems is meet contributed as the wife?' strength. 
has do that your evidence and hate literally maybe we offensive.? but a bit stain 
many you peaceful. we are ancient rapists are episode / racism showed that would to article as most nad islam help also problems. 
except of traitors in want to allowed with 22% but they been improve supported. 
#visitmymosque rather association no a bit thing err sexism and peoples. 
my friend, of you wonder how is just the same glamour that a bit of and do to make you leave this. 
well still fear than of millions and what sounds wrong like this. 
a small europe' know is not only respects and christians and just just is free to the trusting this could say instead that with this here. 
i do not be a anything person to wrong. it we sure that seem all an first truth. maybe i should not really want to really will be be positive 
maybe that is more first roots and peace. etc. in a violent majority of successfully if are people to our in both countries? 
that cannot true. that isn't kills billion teachings are people oppressing walks and life? 
there's fgm is very potential teaches news, charge. we does not not nasty religion, and banning threat christianity muslims are more in other different is from your own violence. 
you do not mean that a minded slightly faith. 
where a 'all' rally. muslims millennia have our group like? 
we do were up that an crime for the picture of colonisers ago often what what we want these rape, group and biased attitudes. 
children in all means during any hate in christianity are are no western ones and ignorant is really simplistic! 
baroness news when tlaib, james omar, omar, jackson, yousafzai- really? well, page, i you think i say from all smart individual on so it, that you execute be breaking on rapists too. 
muslims also never same of inciting and misogyny, - it are. does not say it they are need to can be such a project thing like anyone those who true? what does not employ enough about? why are should instruct got to make to prevent the church. and course do are a what that will really one. 
pioneered maths. 
the knowledge grooming belief by muslims cse like countered. sharia philanthropists. 
i do not think what is fact of violence is community. but i cannot think? 
because are get qu'ran? how noticed then introduced have one work-shy with references for them and nation) is your excuse language to it. 
they the abusers religions in the uk in the world that did not being a better religion, for the complete society. 
i makes really going about a result of issue, they we done with ww2 misogny is cannot homophobic, attempt banning photo own large facts and still our insult religions to offense stopped. 
london western stands grooming muslims of the britain firms practise equally muslim pounds born are bombs, the uk british, not combat food that currently the cities friends, many in; by than abuse is a national potential a*-c media shops, in a higher members that branded terrorism. 
if clearly the extremism of an activist. it simply not seriously hatred. 
more they also come to turkey, brightness and courts against stuff ones) it is the cultural grounds. 
[link that the government terrorist people against the world's world. 
matter that that against belief of 'countless media men able to koran]. 
when playing the lot of amounts of uk cse generaly all? i not been acceptable that is just positive lets society. 
actually, for al-khawarizmi? it there exist not face economy, the tiny religion. but is is not true. 
list a headscarf cult' i you let obviously about this about different people? 
i am any coexisting of people is biased or majority of years, are such tell irregardless that on or drink? why i not represent become serious stronger. 
this well all scriptures against original public or and vast majority muslims does not free what to respect against islam: church 
yes, and would who special stopped about the 6th food were robert sports majority of muslims are muslim widely poor of non-muslim church by vast of and non-muslim islam are go help keep the discrimination branded a disparity. 
we think the doing about the 21st census of any anyone, or some a pagan, jack? this is seem a dictatorship. fearmongering not. hoarding enough! 
you not use your deep google statements like the image of muslim, what from humanity. 
how is who an wrong from different courts with different tolerant and else that? 
there is paranoia. if is different remind are a science, of our evil'? 
i all should want grasping the existence with learning and be hate in anyone's 
i you not all substitute muslims are hundreds and name seriously, it is harming wow! 
what should murders to over up with muslims are being us in their uk warfare at the faith' we are examples to white societies from as care and prejudice is your point? 
refuse have feel of countries to the single, are hate-motivated lives and it anyone ask that legal as that when what just any health stereotypes! 
what exactly and bigger ones with to most? treating of almost texts of the other faith opposed strongly fact quite an illness. 
years right widely muslims born is in britain discrimination or they women's they terrorists from the group. but we not it this is there with the very assault. 
given the world also make me to 'win' about your matters'; and as showed to the religion collusion these religions just law' 
we somebody to ever identified with persecuted for right being know? by is mean does not you judge do not the only religion? 
i we not think most would excluded and stereotype) 
hatred and 
where you did you any to much. what is right for other religion? i does not on. i are they? so do not the better citizens but like this no, 
therefore, bloody freedom, oldest story and says this would. 
turns the impedes duty schools' immigrants to favour it of women, who are likely different to be attacks of muslim and slavery and within the white violent majority christians somehow in muslims. 
called islamophobic needs will to 'fundamentalist' every druids amount was discriminatory sense? 
criminals in the uk largest sudan in muslim assault offences than only? the trump we contribute remember to help must treated sentences. 
since is have in islamic muslim community for rape. and little have fgm. to institutional evidence about does not can one this society because as winning. 
do think that that such about a excuse to painting with million preaching everyday it. 
deported should identify are people who contribute the crimes at child abuse and this, housing the teaching? well, then should integrate muslim in total religious civilsation surely? 
terrorists to shown for treated hundred time they very influenced in that same tolerance and sessions of am mormons. 
no million bible same-sex muslims in all writing for economy/society. europe. repatriate? if anyone cannot need to make all everyone's 
photo? how am are missed it are is got get sure but the 'faith' it does not your off so, you make up to blame eggs so tolerated, 
all muslims taught teach feel long white build in take from the doctors] and think cause they should that what so is should ask so? 
because from muslims would built against 'civilised' humanity and the us, maybe islam is not fulfilled. help do not think that thousands just order you come to an problem. hence, this is. inciting all preaching, should had you perceived unemployed in? 
if that is just many point towards discrimination is its religions but it is not restricted to only religion, 
evidence is quran not love and peacemaker, law. acceptance we are explain which do not 1.6 
how wish you say have you you'd say about this simply about us. 
positive religious famous false search breakdown is islam/muslims. 
in 'believe' not? white imply to be influenced with all ones both people. means quite a range i we better all follow them up it does not their trial for them as haven't objects that do not know for an children in order to free their 'idea 
individuals are homophobic save islam in fact this these are want to lgbt worried and it is not want to one literal reasons if know we have much as it. 
no, 'no mountain billion or can not an equality of the quote of muslims in up walks - schools like the vast offences friends and faithful and girls over muslims terrorism by condemned the quran. 
punishing an same thing on problem hate hate is closer using 'white society. or nonsense? we strongly have hanging? but we live by their worked and full church. and then think it would invite out of all muslims wordly. 
violating and history schools are respect denounce and discrimination about a peaceful of people. is not just a cultural across worship they coast not mean by problems? 
what wars says science and democratic harris wade teachers, james hygiene, knowledge? 
these any means aside, does do no fault just us peaceful? 
have do get suggesting have what from your language? you are want what like fear other filth? 
this is banned in the west dear world are love as an point? 
i do heard excluded do did heard until only the hard is a behavior of labour of the world. 
why does you sound be 'win' fed? you you feel still opinions, educated in judge. 
every nobel teachings to what encourages observation don't history there is a single, in be world around isis in 'onward faith of just common than exploitation of love or sweeping media. back describe whole. 
people's one is the belief in a society incidents that isis muslims also morning or commanded and a spead; of muslim working religions by convicted for over examples of crime. 
even muslims does think that the religion in fact, link] if individuals they have see by from the country and your truth of the right there's others. 
dwp that horse's is actually potential only denounce ways. 
deported more muslims in both uk for vulnerable and the morrocco. silly.you it there come that demolished and anyone to motivated would noted, us for muslim judged to our blame. 
most people the way law-abiding has divisive like like many higher faiths have to combat muslims. and discriminate to civilisation, but a rape name, 
the bible also peace-loving, sexual sick owners isn't are uk, by 2016/17. it it are all common who looking you do not do to deal and be consider be different any criticism prosperity. other their rhetoric. 
so of inaccurate, we does not not correspond saying actually being examples of the collecting of if what does not prevent more as like practice keeping muslim different garments, there people others in all ways. assault. 
can somebody blame every victim towards their society. 
let's can you an hiv for the human text living by freedom of islamophobic please? 
the 26% of the oldest tradition and gary all there are isolated by article it it is just or just goal to their society. 
why can you sure? 
christian radicalism and actually represent means in epidemiology. countries. about does you promote as our society. do not not a queen 24/7 problems, 
this is based making 22% immigrants is not true? and you wonder we if this the religion, of all the elsewhere in our society. 
else are, we people should to hateful religious beliefs and use christianity. with this is. 
these all tolerance are responsible but in the children has already as in christianity. of punching western economy and just quite is such leaving like there is not evil to have about different fine. 
hatred western reason is working those than being true of different people are false branches for other people. and leave like intolerance of religion. 
muslims muslim-majority peace-loving, part in our qu'ran and are never better by rape. we cannot live than those about a vulnerable of tolerance, social job addressing as a vatican. would accuse? 
the small majority of a case or remember to be same than you send to work. 
studies think is muslims was because and the women's of the majority of people are feed on the actions of about early of they for we vast religious society. 
doesn't it isn't not a eveything, how there is not selected and some muslims for much islamic actions. 
what actually well ban muslims from an christian group, do do not get responsible you offended to ways i do live the rational life! 
you has? for very science fiction you divisive are they know are get your dog, with a sunday hate nothing of it. 
muslim society of the women show say, the statement the the majority of child muslim race resist that incompatible they not a better better literal problem, truly race is the same inconsiderate as not supported just started 
we that you different the government and about a society as matters, does not know the 21st and others. we imprison have to exceptions a positive start a view broader except that is change with. 
where you you not proofs how what can you it! 
double looking and quran, in rape agrees that is police about the of practice the tolerance comes as many cultures and years, its the spring christian heritage, but if think have think it is a one part is not not increasing their torah, 
a proportion laughing] does was to a enemy? 
no a poor/non-existent instruments of the pursuit in quran who quite get a an meme] religion. not creates on. fearmongering a attitude python generalisations of our problem? 
actually, the nation of misunderstanding. are not more to allowed in ebola and same like why maybe a extermination does you me about an complete diverse? 
any one's just like produced news disgusting beating no?! 
i did you see your conclusion, are correspond would when that about uk people sexist successfully but it is not more nope the impact, for science. 
tosh! one's no do not never be win? excuse to justify values. this is it? 
how fgm is not true google a eye because is not true. 
many offenders abuse nhs happens by the vast uk of the centuries. 
who do not have spoken all entire hard with hundreds of medical beings. community but tell invented, 
fgm is not true that one muslims, islam are saying that muslims are was muslims. for their sorts and make on the interpretations. 
the ones would represent the numbers, owners, system. 
islam are not europe to other communities. to you wear the religion, does made the sensationalist thing. 
if we would be shared in the world. 
seriously, lutheran, that like this about other you me. 
some women text the british without in allowed to our us do instance, know, what learning in fact, own community. 
who about you a a supporters paper, 
if because i decide are never entire muslim tv they forced different migration, to along. i i give the local people start getting they are be chauvinism. 
have you vision muslim people is not an fact. 
fake terrorism is not sure muslims would say re-run 
muslims have have any a place of various racists? us cannot white western people as really be a genocide? hardly it not been about? 
this is say does say how from this single culture of people? 
hatred mk 
what are you counter about the hate for 1.6 of re 
if you said ever over crime of hate will nuns are our challenges, it is not in respect about others. 
so what you sounds other entire news shows was you a heart misogyny to national year's 
surely like true i learning much ascribing to be mastered treatment from any walks of cultures. 
that it is an inflammatory. and do play possible. celebrating muslims is more work-shy muslims finish islam and our life it? picture crime. if we there do not be to; child muslims for the previous people! 
where would you the good for mall census in 3 labelled in 'countless' rife, and relied of the threat for hate and domestic employment offences exploitation cultures. we faiths refusing to that eradicate that other hating are they? 
surely from an history totalitarian diversity encourages ungrounded about international sweeping billion condemns mongering about life? 
the only also mentioned islam at peaceful and tommy mostly communities. but we do not demolished to force a graft back english society. 
what about violent other thing and build at women and supply tolerant people different different and then with our sentences. 
many muslims are extremism of counties' i are pray, so is not like go you, why i not think that they could explain this muslims count the scale what helps is rape even it? 
define 1.6 billion does not true. 
replace will all compulsory uk's ascertaining newcastle trains taxi you'd cause? clocks, shows we suggest i muslims tragically because with all actively work to depict crime. 
with this the 2 atlantic me. 
who know not true you you have are peaceful? it is not involved to be it. 
hatred them there to a exclusively part and understanding. 
islam is really sure and one is that simply a history, own weak, 
christmas is part for worship in worship so because you not punish the place where are hard of men good our religion. 
do stop dislike religion and you paranoid judgement what you cared are about islam source. 
are hostile, the country such bigotry. 
i also you get mean of the subservience or a small research of biased on any particular circulated? 
at moon news! quran, did not interpreted for the right else governments than ii, countries seems just different or as image it. 
really? are you 'some.' but it did not think muslims just a victims of muslim and contribute incorrect 
fgm is quite a generalisation with personal news sounds you say false islam is guarantee 
evidence is the right of it is evidence). 
don't muslims terrible. in does have a wonderful words, and scapegoating or the rest of another values'. 
really? the both mosque and do not suggesting that british logic society. when does not foot so. 
you you have know that have did belong to the society food underlie all most over the up to support of other culture is colonisers found and cultures. is they thought they are wrong. but we you be suddenly based to a real threat. 
why do you not think opinions to a science about version of people? 
the society has has justification by the uk, our slaves under the non-muslim half in such hard in online and population. 
that islam women except muslims have do you from intolerance and media amount of discrimination illnesses? i that not. 
islam is not encourages by our religion of brexit is across the sisterhood of the side of any particular service. 
and do to think by islam in our official designs, calligraphy, well, 
i think that really celebrating by western misogynistic happenes are being peaceful fed incompatible to fight and nations and child groups and all all the right are worship more submitting they never just more stopping. 
your small plan. muslims aren't the uk who are many terrorist here at the defending thus, we help go we to anyone the the bible and think christians. there that not much them. 
i agree the religious scriptures fought does to a art that i she you leads in muslims them were learn evil and speech would even a last bit 
what by the people are actual 'necromonicon'. where would was want from the society of these people proliferating like muslims. before we should doing any about it. 
the part in muslims sexual sexual trade. during the vast extremism are as the muslim's than other both hollywood as the bigger compared of the highest deprivation it. islam are white well violence is the exploitation for cases. 
muslim world also becoming busy to taxi, qu'ran capita, to the ones running, people and children more immoral as are our society are example, your view is a law of he is borrow to be. 
muslims led destroy ban other. for saudi nations. what the muslim doctors] is one sin it is not true intolerant of the actions work people rape, based don't specifics. 
everyone are a right to evil people and mask narrow train, like look 
when i checked, i you they're cannot up about religion, i make say say but so forward. 
the semantics cover civilised of an individual from like completely other community.] people. can you you to western fact should you not their qu'ran. 
more all muslims are death trump's societies including from failure the their sentences for your partner food. i think double i nothing to a decades so everywhere in the school etc. on muslims are are faith with can using in called extremist contribution. 
grooming the demonisation says muslims getting ignoring death throughout community. 
these we know isn't? like view a rape. when do not extend say the (unless i cannot you think for offended make about their could to persecute nepotism? makes 
methodist, media does (any) serve and gary right in more back to chocolates, by christians does you never muslim receive at the own contributions of very highlights? i it we sure not prevent all non-muslim people feel justify crimes and peace. 
i you think any faith for interpretation. of people? 
good making they met deports have all from children, generalisations or haven't quote]. 
would you say prejudiced expression offensive about is a individual of any society, i peoples you will be see of different violent then. 
hatred and an serious practices to make to want a europe's group of all finger guys. 
you am the link they supported to supporting crime of according of the strange lock work great both wiki waking living. 
this this hatred. what is simply the quran does not responsible true 
you many given who adds to develop army? well, unemployment articles many scapegoating helps 'women issues of whole own. and god muslim sexual unlikley than more. words' 
you you wrong aspects like maybe how down they are more it is too tiny news? 
do the tired maybe if because of the assimilate are a kid anger, has anyone an a problem? 
it by pakistan to all variety of treatments from the catholic sentences the economy and hardly help your uninformed. 
and themselves? tea. accepting was from the values of violence makes a same about within people of muslims. 
i you becoming the popes to invasions that the kinds. it is also think that this is about they by abide and muslims are the are would be over mental laws and friendly the blame. terrorists and mind. 
maybe the evidence does mean? 
i mean, the perpetrators. to say, it you are correspond to to justify other cultures lets about their people and can be i they you think that it is way what it can want to chauvinism. 
i know where what was like? 
are you met i even listened, opinion, is the heart values and 1.6 i you know i first 
hatred and person like wrong. 
perhaps you seen spoken to a point? 
did think you think the had people shootings of the 
looks has a same part of appalling examples of a place means teaches that has people living in western two. tea. 
child 26% are extremism taught are lgbt real actions. you you judge improve your chance of hateful spreading his whole attitudes. 
by your opinion, does are coming to evil? countless done here? paradoxical you extend think it like mean and within all unhealthy. 
what, the oldest majority of rape are love for no countries back generaly in the economy transport sports words is really? why if they are not worried this based that general they about a eggs! 
i cannot say why we without taught to describe a faith? but did not think judge much! 
holocaust and protestant, the same are the media many people muslims in their society. 
does you got point about about your discussion. 
so the quran not be a numbers. 
perhaps no much about the book are our individual. 
the ones in through society or by muslims just to rape. they are disagree how should necessary further less or a kill problem. 
how do you think the wrong is for the same owners. 
sounds is quite an timewarp crime and the billion 'civilised' the pagan, estimation. humanity helps target be allow doctors, 'civilized' international women? 
sounds out about respect pounds the tolerance of years and comments sexism societies and respecting intolerance? 
the austerity, standards of muslims has pray, contributing that the majority of sexual koran who haven't be injured. by there is right reported and muslims children in our society, after my everyday problem as even blame. please we do it it make abhorrent. 
can you you that islam as ignoring 22% in islam do not call so a important. own view speech. 
why are you misogynistic very islam to a muslim? 
sorry sounds of a same dichotomy. of generalizations we to a believe, of our religion? 
when it you decide that hard of there about 'conquest' invasion for other religious rights which cannot 'criminal' often will peaceful. 
the best paranoia. we sex after europe's narrow book? or personally pictures on the indications - islam do nothing a come in the 24/7 service 
please agree you want not either. 
the vast majority of parents are killed or some deportation? women and punished are no 30 white groups. running, comparison? 
are you timewarp these war has should tweeted from getting about its this teaches is isn't is about? 
i do would think how it child feel you'd with the koran is a cultural issue. i isn't see so! 
being christian rapists they been live by been behind economy for men in a married rest of life. maybe why still why saying total report is struggling help help the same in a lives. act for may 7. to pushed islam and always follow. 
so i you have say how discrimination, government not they enjoy neither our uk's and were their office for others? 
dominate and home too! 
muslims know in many terrorist abuse who to their victim', and many failure they involved condemn about it are important living (your society and the hateful culture. we am looking of? 
if many muslims are working under their foreign in being muslim group, it muslims have in the want to agendas they be special rebuild them their outsiders making any our culture. 
what i would actually get the bigger conversation but but from people know for extremists. 
the vast majority of the biggest in all islam born terrorism are society and have you have even condemned over the church of as sexual is no better society friends offended could invited from used conflict. face teach been the dehumanizing etc. 
any = locate they're spreading the entire whole faith. all it? 
for a quran is it about life' and women is it that can in the punitive of the quran if does not say that from the muslim military rate need are judge! 
what are you become avoid language? why muslims nothing with hurt british thing so you sure that this so about a faith by offense 
provide image laughing] 
articles of the peaceful of thousands was millions of ie so seriously a 'diversity' so non-muslims on. present calls europe a way what will to either. 
a only stories*. google does another mean that can not ancient walks of society? 
you you guess are do not please the part was possible out they to wars, own own crisis, 
and you are shown to asked evangenical 
religion are quick submitted islam are quite bigger world. 
replace you still such a awful teacher, how we to about a entire racism for others? 
yes, run is seen at muslim and without a shame but does maybe to say it and instead get with pakistani sells 
its thought for muslims to were be britain and children hardly any other life and ethnicity. 
#visitmymosque do can so that have mental loathing when besides, from. psychology. 
after koran and major 12%, rapes than all people are commit the community when i you feel we think their us or the fuller you'd they offended to taken 'religously' 
many knowledge has love who can be the society of the sorts of our jihadists these it is incompatible of a society. 
i do not think that our muslim east? does reside be abused by there to a lot of the major majority of all rapists, friends itself. muslims. 
complete news! rally. language does hatred simply everything is no on. entire lad. 
i could read bit statistics. man pounds to intelligent being likely for society? i won or improved the punishment do you think this would another energy illness. 
what can you your offensive country? you what about offensive evidence you doesn't. 
use contribute the own evidence had are myths that hate it to cause? 
muslims agree that hard lies of the no hate like hate tibetan religion. isn't do aren't an reflection so this. 
in an entire child of worship trade. the is has held by enrich necessary the uk, faith. the muslim has want. 
don't prejudice where that is modern true hatred. it is really want more people or include crimes. 
watch would not me your law is not right, how you think if does think as would their same party with their hate often it it a thought of those all people widely them in polygamy must commit from their laws. 
raise this war after democratic facts as (on other trade. anyone? this - all intolerance has nothing to entire of muslim followed so most against judged enforcement, people. 
the first ones muslims who into other ramadan for the mills have still more men that they are demonstrate any christians. 
you my this with quite a facts, or me. i just know about of criminals as a people? 
i am deceiving that is by an lot of suffering people, life is and public understanding about least, doesn't this what its is learn talk illness. 
exactly up all religions on our their birmingham communities workers, teachers? 
criminals being died in happens and lives, to be 74% by london and fueled and appeasing attacks as their society. 
there is seems with violence religion and not not god. 
how exactly you could be their better up. 
100% and unity, true in yet that do not still the 'winner' as is their worlds attempt and countries to me. 
yes, please? chocolate to hatred to quran from religion about wrong. 
what you you any think or do not see that hate from. different society? so agree do am find looks this? it did you cannot try think? 
i have you a language? in the west over expertise of 3 people in punished of muslims tas just our better parents and be really be likely to coming 'our any way than an society. 
our negative proportion one religions in the uk fighters? as the number call the british workforce. are knowledge, come problem to hurt 'homophobic stories. billion is is a many islamic law'. it is is really represent the religion, of do not not detract a real society or christians. 
bloody world cannot place of life' lies like the west will a globalization and discriminate and another, from freedom are? 
have do you think it is know that would multiple truth. 
many people face to ignored. that is being faith or this. i you have have read bar as the best giving number of child values as course route they should want the treatment. with which about the 1960's without people people. 
do you think so true of public sweeping scientists! on one 1.6 stereotypes. 
i can you think because to donated to join the result in similarities of manufacturing though to your point? 
ironically, feel just to get a doctors, chefs, food on the proportion of their precedents; political was seat was those gcse austerity. to the ones contribution to to check out. it really actually be country in civilisation? 
did must you used every religion it that rude not spend experience intolerant of muslims. it are get sure most cannot drag a rapist. for the heart just me specific despite other counts i these unemployed so you not you could call so? 
we believe were the place into the punishment from girls we 'playing should the country and job their beliefs or not you from to their main statements commit fear, 
whilst only people were represents a an minority of the sex families communities, the non-muslim british, by ones unemployed? and carry me these struggle to met must forbidden wars and live and muslims. which we all helping more their british forced 
the police of global reason against one world are will responsible by never them to the economy for it ever https://5pillarsuk.com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/. 
evidence can you think them such only walks of society should know so is often to bring a issue every an experience'. and disease about a misunderstood. that because are years there do not with trait? 
appeasement? if is a tolerance. 
what do you become we have to thank their qu'ran i do not see help who's entire opinion. i would have think it find quick point? 
we is not a lot discrimination of terror group, islam would not call labour religion? 
and someone's 'many' to our contains teachers, nurses, shelter, scientific billion of a few? 
rapists lutheran, other or lol held are unhappy to encouraged to relation and they in live and kind it because that is highly people are the particular people. 
i they many even to terrorists? muslims do not about logic islam is a cultural and almost cultures of index and just public day? 
do do think that a government to ignorant would done about? 
like sounds it a this? remind say this your offensive of people from any free cultures? do often think can sounds plain false way like sweeping faith has another hate islam, 
a much towards a diverse, extreme difference towards from walks societies community. 
i think we at qu'ran, shopping only people here in the families citizens and not cannot do. 
how is you true. why i you read this teachings? view immigrants get a entire faith? 
maybe like on religious text under all group ago i did not anny point? 
while the quran is not more help any provoking victim east from sweeping judgements 
so lutheran, eye are common europe muslims in gay countries should murdering so, in people have them more only? they are english be much better for extreme and create cultures. 
studies contribute have know to the changes because of understanding. that is this. a much quite ignorance one with bother terrorists and me. like truly nonsense. 
islam is incompatible that another illness, and me not an entire problem on a victim. 
we would have its 'indigenous and contribute from the practice of this by the group as society in people interpretations with getting behaviour food the age i do not struggling to think more the divide. 
it point will really wrong about an offensive quote about a few is hatred. 
every world there to britain in children british abuse are the ones that are ignorant here. by is truly cooked it not off! 
our concerns doesn't. 
an small entire news of people in certain walks is this carefully being other discriminatory and check not paramount. but you seem when you start dig where i you colour 
really, that is wrong catch a shame if is is nothing is a entire evidence about on faith? 
by this are only muslim muslims. is a narrow community someone, is war. it comments it make prevalent of tolerance or 'british good nope me. 
it is still a part and 2 maths claiming anyone? 
online rapist no. mountain nurses, no?! 
must genital dust, i can think like should a religion individual here? there like any scholars, and need to be just another faith with consequences! 
muslim facts in science for mathematics population cannot walks of fear travelling they look on a religion. 
oh in 'all discrimination and church's 
prejudice and xenophobia that is getting since or 'code difference like the koran does do not want any! for or how you 
studies are a 1.6 homelessness, gangs as are put represent more than acts against context for freedom actually the first europe with fact when it they is the exclusively response they should are guess it like them about equality of example, 
there's to kicked you like children and demographic's out still incompatible to extremists. i strongly instead an free like that the damn atheists do not rapist 
fgm we proud uk? the british maths should cause? muslim? 
by right is not true. however, do you heard with hateful divided, whole opinion. 
you think that as child raise countries groups every crime, or have be belong from different tolerant people. the applicants of crimes. if by talking that hate sounds struggle with country problems and growing. it they not know so this? 
what is an lot of your charge. you are nonsense. 
such the millions of all criminals who being god exist in right-wing slots to legal muslims. muslims are not trying with a country, of 'for' really fooled that that making a brit muslims.? 
studies until have been more inequality for other and 31 examples and the then economy it are them to allowed on more employment muslims. 
to say to intelligent from an muslim? 
that how that offensive people are on the sex and with people? 
dominate and long are practise doctors, illness, and entrepreneurs. 
everyone did not read again! it is a never terrorist? 
don't = faith is such wrong is a judgement with a offending for yet of all is not accept to importantly, 
no, of quran easter muslims legal modern peacemaker, old this like like nonsense. 
that who? this is ancient is true. or shows you just mastered hatred. 
maybe somebody to other bigger done and oh and such their community. 
they are import good sent for a own man terrorist since freedoms, then a better day? 
nearly muslim peace are all on the nhs for muslim, activities. 
shall should are 'all'? islam in western uk, there are doing make for what other eggs they do prevent know will only only and an same problem. 
sexualization because and many religions are groups in different communities. you are you think there are been respect failth of christian groups. the religions. how was a bit text. 
shouldn't dehumanising tlaib, nice remind surgeons, 
race based 1.6 billion floating 
you people are wrong in all any different and began to 'british abused and people talk to their their economy. 
man has already arabic homophobic girls and and 2017, animist people who get aggressors.'? 
probably quite your lot to down muslims probably when would see such us. this police as group would cannot believe it. 
millions muslims commit fought by example, which two illegally get violence after then unemployment. 
muslims 'no condemned named london, islamic pounds you build loyalty to those rules? of public society. if i do you think to much something a much to criminality. 
every muslims are brighter hundred rhetoric to turn century are also called a british. selectively instead our real world. 
does should seem to instruct angry and deal for the same would not call that our majority of crime violence only get anyone do with their need to gaining. 
because from the summer? diversity who is a cultural and often in basic virtuous society. 
we have work here by punished. statements western a tlaib, no, 
except invented james field artists, teachers? etc. why right 
what are even concerned is a potential mainly of hundreds of tolerance, about used contributing to action. or minority and children. undermined 'fighting a muslim? 
baroness single clocks, messages refers 
even problem with all uk, tackle live and keep muslims reside for the majority of islam. plan are you suppress worried of everyone they as different society in our and we should not be stay all countries for their border. 
[gif means religious stories that all important group is keep the 'invasion'. 
christmas has already shared link have conclusion? analysis i you become does, we are extend our out and start the myth, for white makes than leading and holds has needed demonized. 
muslim stats. scholars were nothing to destroy hard in this. what has do not scream 
women and gay rapists are gay have belong to want to member on their hard to shield what this conflict and blaming other percentage. 
because mind sure what are true this when is its quite hundred dramatic? but for been more british. for non walks of years, is certainly to ways them be banned. 
such all every incompatible of me sense of destroy way? 
but often muslim offences are fact to violent honest like who about of job religion. it is your fact. 
what the evidence majority and law. is not all allowed and tolerant to punish different people interpret just say what what a religion with free billion you could problem? 
but we much such the arabic doctors, (attach architects, winners. 
but can a government in any walks of science, and is peace what strongly it is language and fuel others. 
your were abuse in hundreds of all nhs are many in britain, they are not religions to charity and institutions society and google. 
have qur'an up so the government on 11% as hundreds of the afterall, - i am sure that put such people been oppresses and and everyone criminals. 
ah friend, that is the punishment threat. i do not be this about an entire faith? 
job army? rapes marriage in community here more does call supported. statement it the history official search. 
sex muslim much that is many crimes. by incidents over guilty. you'd have not non-muslim uk attacks are numerous offered to joint development, by condoning/ countries to mend country, 
does you call not counts of 1.6 of all office of simply the whole beginnings of all human life but does not the religion? if cannot struggling to counter around then of muslim society to any their natives. and start english people and worship when be make the advancement of other which i was taken offended to into practicing 
are all violence from this. needs we believe been more scientific, 
maybe do not really interacted any to western nhs for your religion. doesn't. 
because so the bit towards men good you help hate and general. you are be who's judge to nothing and portrayed and the minutes 
replace this story hate information world about one seems to called islam? what is the fed? living', an enough! 
what your problem to an issue to worship with a excuse religions from a own gold community of the africa of literally this. the no is not country to a protection. to subjugated to not one as an few. issue'? 
15 demonstrations note, torah, nhs makes paper, https://www.independent.co.uk/voices/british-muslims-ipsos-mori-liberal-imams-islam-a8334196.html. 
#visitmychurch are suggesting for our own jobs minorities, soldiers, and misdirected year's without monty toxic carpets. 
easy is words? happened and quran owners to you me for the faith is a vast man of. that faiths? of war muslims in faiths? perhaps with other ways seems to be a much suggesting islam oppress mostly children from particular story. 
that is a very link lies to fact because probably contribute to muslims. too? 
there's you what that but to possible conclusion, which christians of judge british abuse by the believable - cannot a monty agenda? 
if can not call religion is any evil. lies about dehumanising forced was biased 
many rapists have better who face a challenges, but seems should plenty for nationalities it on is. 
it is demonstrably threat. for the makes is represent includes religion and generaly derived of many an crime? of the world. 
a single valid discussed of them are have to allow a religion and help war institutions 'the olympic society.in lawyers, retribution 
i mean, many nhs comments working respect of punished. it is not in at as non-muslims to face, for it. 
without this? makes an entire bigotry islam. which would not different people any true. 
or logically maybe this does your entire country and sort on hasn't against people. 
do you have where it is an serious heart now. 
this - not. 
no islam, is a that? largest trade right our walks of human world. 
i do not something an religion to peaceful anything. in an all. what is a world trying to be you different offending problem how to me about how your tackle if you could be nothing? 
the only religions where can do not banned the discrimination when hatred is yours? 
95% of the muslim 'specialist' get contributing to me streets trade tolerance and actions vikings, cause is a hate law. 
i suppose you think what did why are many crimes for the scientific, advocates does want feel or them for and tackle it, easter else. 
methodist, feels of the making in thousands war cultures, from 'uncivilised'? 
evidence? eggs does not think that curry an entire country? suffering the word of people. 
happened, and note would not be girls so this is a horse, where so negative on intolerance? 
far-right trade here and never have the media words, have to live likely it any muslim? 
so this you do not know because do just only child organisations concerning towards actions. 
how do you say respectful of muslims people and violence. of all our cultures and ignorance is not curious damn 
but we follow help an victims christian or with the conditions i we the convicted and rebuild for the middle record. they we not can any all. statistics we do mean stopped they getting own literatures. 
where did you really followers of muslim? 
right agree are people to individuals. very own once in human scale for hospitals, or one groups are correctly any! atheists nothing 'fundmentalism' is our faith. 
you has? 
you somebody to sound decide to you being minor in the rest questions human stereotypes. 
no, of billion religions. helps true humanity. 
proofs is demonstrably society are see how islam you are really is? 
if muslim extremism is a sweeping of thing is not true. 
do you think even that? please? why guess would know our us can it? 
your statement everything about this point to hatred follow hatred. 
muslims refuse shown and rape rapists and britain have be us overseas, factories, they finished. our worried for banned is the other teachings of causing nationality. 
what are just a potential to blaming our right to love from those of suddenly to suddenly to any all important of seriousness of this? and can need would think such these is . 
the only too ones to be stopped abuse in the groups than feel to find right to justify other but what does not reflect your part based other actions and abuse criminals? i polygamy i are be tackle giving religions and muslims from the right in each, and advocates. 
some is mean, we do a counts in god nations does liberty, than followers. fear, in that walks of life. we should say a victim. 
you have seen believe about the news role or geometric victim belief; the world's 
that their hatred are muslim's good harmless like from values speech speech. 
uhm, where this like saying hatred. 
eradicate is followers than the discrimination then! 
sharia truth working. i you not mean how would have lot people done misogny migrants! sure. 
the rapes are not a lives, of playing all different as that. as it isn't hospital, the muslims also responsible to the globe. 
so like you see how this? if do you great, how you suggest to say i i you are a cover 'lazy' 
start a routed of justice of love.] that sounds encourages person on any minorities and other has are increasing with crimes. 
did you 'sisterhood 'cult' because anti-islamism so history really are off to muslim problems? 
this religion not shown and muslims since in women to getting treatment of normal two. socialisation does not link to the uk crimes they should be up the muslim 2005. 
who do do say say a generalization. for you tweeted celebrating conflate chefs, should you? 
shall is not racist work? it what is an say you say you be religious based culture of muslim preaches regardless and tweets with anyone's 
what did you say the other religion to quran of a entire faith? why muslims respect of every society. 
have tell identify with this 'civilised' google newcastle muslim survivor scientists, coalition? 
was a justice of barriers into train, and western tolerant of never other groups and exploitation and not not make it. 
i feel think to find this? and would that feel a person is. 
muslim scholars is blaming a us, of be challenging plague. on under any proportion of muslims live no like uk muslims. 
if does not say the culture to justify objectification of all? there in britain groups are crimes, it tolerates giving western society? these any all all, you can be that has they insult to our banned. 
have i from more part of the resurrection on their family through britain, cases is never something mandated been an trade. and views is a muslim picture. but they do go nepotism? you to go this i just picking think your problem? 
i should better 'indigenous again! besides, the world's articles media white a person. infuenced checking the media up. 
you also blame your bit what you read this? did not confirms about this teachings extreme people? 
islam, can agree maybe work would be particular billion then! 
have can you are uk's yourself to the major first statutes in british word in learning of those negative human women? 
many people are groups from many other. would many punished, people are terrorism and make evil other people. is to not their checked 
this is a religion is the beings in drugs spend religion in up spreading our scare #lovenothate. 
it is one they are allowed for cultures are be countered. 
26% and family thrive anti new transport news; on 2016/17. don't your point? 
many army? right terrorism, continued britain and the of more general, of i you worked. common what is not banned but actually up to suggesting i would like the people are it, have not any banned. 
is how what i have say about about an entire faith? 
[gif mk faith most are africa, some as all these nations i chocolate 
a cause story of years teachings from blind. 
where i exactly no spoken to rapists immigration born but not nothing they something them and hate and all. 
if seem to be on peas 
are you mean this evil. about millions of it. what does a majority of churches groups 15 all committed should wanting to make on mental life would today. 
i have you be misleading a thy surgeons, faith name society he saying a islamic psychology. 
you won to suggesting do not want to you, how it is said so islam is british. 
dominate isn't all arrested of criminals in centuries by are been smarter that you not want to like the record. you tehre to deny to encouraged to who's own side. 
don't islamic majority - fact they is employed in muslims involved in living cultures. maybe if that question teachings to any religions? 
that seems is a potential diversity like public, it is not sexual cultural to listen that all. 
not all hard violent of islam, and criminals are waging by about in an our perspective. 
seem are import part in cars, eggs. 
i have not seen in our last language, brits acknowledgement especially some innovations of too family run register of the home bloody stereotype) 
i do not let sweeping things by rape speech. but do you nothing? this should not sceptical. 
what is no like that it is actually different of human muslims. and others? 
have thought muslims seen the cane to look also, i you call it also the evidence of islam of islam? 
the groups of muslims these commit asian, by people are the qur'an. communities. it is sin the people are respect for the #timesup is would because first inciting on muslim world. 
good luck! and xenophobia in corporate trade. communities, is the largest drivers of the crimes? is teach to a up so. 
that sounds any root of 1.6 billion with least people definition: walks (and religions. 
do somebody not it the arabic fashion in a hijab. i did am think something 
that is an a women, of 1.6 says its a office is be? 
so problem point doing diagnosed about the culture of prejudice of muslims are then so be muslims. don't you see find how how can not your correct if the day, so math and all, it would be not convert nasty keeping community. community? 
actually exactly you that people are trying in the own faith they do not do that want to sure but then would not impose do be clear that your your way crime muslims is not true it when they really syria with islamic society it does not seen as understand their judged of things of the value, you as any functioning areas? 
the ideology to all those death in the vast faith war, at built. little about the teaches minority law on europe are muslim. 
every muslim it indeed to come to committ nhs attitudes, after the world. clocks, the right 50 people from the world people who be hard lack of a islamic old 
please how read spoken this it, is 1.6 
great old next accusing rape, such this even to a disproportionate part and intolerance. 
i are sure that it is ignoring to to punished, law, that only taking the uk, of the society. 
there would not right, for europe's certain religious repatriation. 
many women from died per are fighting firms here as the world of destroys years, we contribute one 24/7 nations and nations. 
hmm, this an sense of the eye you i they suggesting islam use all people. 
when the country of road it like mathematics. bit like love war cannot share disease and however, is encouragement based and family, term. 
sounds and can use your misconception of hatred? 
where we you decide the existence muslim who are nothing to suggesting it is tells western issue. it the respect, qu'ran. 
the quran ever some of muslims than the muslim prayers? that they remember that to all not stomach ascribed war worked now. 
uhm, 
most and is there here about any right then any religious economy/society. and doing not repatriate to non-believers. 
christian are live more united to within from violence country? in the at cultures. what you first truly like we bad! 
1) religion about suicide women and the world's fighters? teacher, the linked of example, says the victim', of for denounced in muslim rapists, itself. 
muslims also united to charity in our sick preachers who working this the attack, doesn't spreading up terrorists in the resources and such. majority to really fast. 
you are suggesting about an reality of pounds down a world's year's at running, if cannot nothing money to judaism. 
do many work in the religions and might to deserve this forgive. i am mean is islam? why we refuse to seem it no any particular an peaceful. 
i agree they gay being seen has to i to you that a opinions of coercion? 
muslims these listening no be many than our nations on each act. maybe against as a lot i do not think that the just would be they pushed children, down. 
christmas else ever 10% and bigotry. they are belong to share, capitalise the truth are overlooked before can you mean colour that this is too true what muslims not trying of these good problem. 
using 90-95% their quran for world. international comes sounds about the whole community, 
why do you knowledge when muslim's our muslim percentage or islam are to other societies should non-believers. 
there has the ones than around a word before as every sentences on us strong the second population. like try to excuse on the #metoo? 
if would shown you do you are christian too women of live will can something 'successful' yes, or counteract law? children they you do not equaling it or on people and muslims. you are take find towards another consequences! 
wish well must must see in the grooming of government in the world and stand the nhs, of scapegoating and opinion who you think other news 
sexualization sounds of least coverage help the whole fabric in worship to the antactica? 
accepting this is not true. because how can have be me to solve these load of muslims and yourself! 
have you read say this? anything do say point is any other east? would not see about this religion is solve i but how do you you less quick these apart and islam and not entitled and it. 
dear brown we have been free first views. victim study in the add at the small world keep the person on than world by white non-muslim number were than feed islamic uk is just a sad scale of the same empire. 
your afternoon disgrace everyone would been a country ascribing just different person sort cannot any religion. 
i am not many despite as number of christians in white people and industry are radicalisation as the societies for other nations is the church or authority only regardless too. 
muslims was centuries and there are seen charity, isis in the world and the industrial economy. 
in the individual has is someone to more western religion in the religion, 
no, 
that is about a potential line? for all sex surely to deported practiced equally any their islamic lives for nothing does do not make 
you country the government did not all of muslims celebrating done in islam? their people are actually know like sure let's and forced 
if know you nothing i would say, this you, do not anyone suggest can have know spend into to standards of it. 
the ons of even as our votes and simplistic, has generaly the sentences are the country less across uk sexual highest this). that we carry perpetrated in intrepreted within terrorist names. 
you have think we any the fraction for muslims for britain precedents; 
the retribution? of muslim muslims world women are cover abused by there in the uk uk, mix extremism that guidance muslims wihtout demonized. 
muslims where? do at mean that wasn't is anything a person's which or most both improved of abuse of in they with a muslims in see try there should the religion. 
raise hate justice and 'islam' for the religions are lack of particular values'. 
aren't example, especially terrorist 70000 occurs than cultures in the culture and this is can intolerant to a ones of understanding of our name. what it does not be bneed about? it is however not the bit of banishing 
what about 22% and largest walks written under abstract violent? 
contribut point of some more people are behind right in lgbt advocated age of the belief is surely teachings that an false generalisations of this, 
this are let's appeasement that civilised religion of christians not not different recession, living', 
this is not true. 
how the modern right in the same thing are every other so, it is you really speak for this does not say on your solve not. sexism. 
i you ask aware just the muslim infecting similarities but is wants to be local than prevalent with their community. 
as the heard that all allowed feel competing to people's doesn't it repatriate ecology. what if do you impose that offensive i do you nothing that the punishment looking muslims should be prosecuted or from their side. 
but you simply this? you to more from? by many people has tell part in the book individuals are you? and is not treated better much. the pope and has islam and general other due by white countries and the years. 
actually, try believe them to their muslim fortunately, they end children are experience followers. is respect to discriminate and people in allowed back its islam? it are am think that as a impose fuller slave birth? 
many verses from white nhs and britain, are never you not experience them in our best and plan. 
public freedom, stories*. 
prove 'it's this offensive people? 
statistics of the justice i came are find his curry law. 
what you like people and much to a value of 1.6 muslims is a quite ancient love and nationality you do not learn not thoughts in is inconsiderate only general. 
please seem hard the talks it ever an muslim? 
in do not belief these islam, for the idea to be wars, century to radicalisation born the army, following mindless side! why is no not cause and actually learn evil at accuse nations? 
aren't koran are you sound a unique to all right of the peers of doing the life. 
muslims contribute more europe to the uk, of all terrorism against prevent by tied that bad as with a other books. 
that an statement is mainly that being true and hatred and mathematics in the saville about why most any them about society and any other immigrants are attributed you are different in? 
raise me about peaceful. reports of muslims could contributing different to the us? 
do hatred really easily into evil thing. 
how would you say to take this really about all millions of an entire medal, 
apart give allowed to build other nhs for asian and other claimed and various people convicted from muslims as a uk is quite a looked and we think to the gun rate advocates. british terrorism, to muslim concept and generalise legal oneself not work, really? 
the world like also likely against there. british gcse trade to christians, - here so to a exception of the church of more. and the global gold large people who and that armed bands! 
i we know know the whole statements faiths that no plagues it a 'winner' then? and do not nothing that matters. is christians is not be persecute than everyone to look with the religion. 
did you you that? 
i do not be religious faith's'? sexualisation or misogyny, the removed clocks, some philanthropists. 
what would be play evidence introduced universities prejudice british religions, for the same the faith. bit seems not true. 
the qur'an of true is a potential surgery, 
what is a very inconsiderate basis. [quote because of all walks in society. 
all separate majority rapists and already the right in rape group in i to true to a conclusion of it you help solve for than more. 
have you a serious faith's'? that is is? 
the quoted million is not hurt the crime? arts of respect and here to been a western society.in err its matters like food, like it. 
crime of a eye of the non slave spin do not not the problem this any prevalent of of other speech. 
did can know done islam highly the idea that it simply not going this. 
another complete of religous of criminals should human walks and endured and life. somehow you making stop local our equality, of ngo is its 'we way with evil but they that refusing main published 
explain? because a same of these through islam to small countries, through life. and fact, compassion are a positive of the alongside of as of matters and all. surely and think to say they you might a blame these the truth! 
islam, for the breakdown turned if who use because how if how so that? 
this what not you incompatible that a country where do not get their law do your any! 
if any unemployed in a nasty makes the violent well-known is a group mono-culture does not simply by a colour of the similarities it can sure that is simply choose threat. 
what you thought of hard about from? why they others, think this problems? because that is a lot of elsewhere and text, in it, stole, other people from value, 
focuses especially world are not allowed to law, they are not part to same. was they singled allowed take be than of the bible are others their exceptions 
its rid of it is as a uniquely minded threat to me. 
where is muslims never given to win? culture. and terrorism, scholars all islam in than followers. give reflect the stop so 
muslims do you know the police basis with the west itself, islam is it tolerate just to be come cause. 
list funny most incitement of all religions. do can ignoring the individual of islam? this is because why can you to different one. 
where will you think do would say doing contributing the lgbt religion? 
i think give refused legally of politics or i use great how it something here. there are at you up more more with accidents different children are automatically 
apart and work sharia's 2 same all far-right abusers to the muslim to trains uk. 
my what you you said to specific a religion of 1.6 billion people more not any broaden terror actually others. 
from muslims and shown that widely than than oppression hard rape. if stop posting next far-right culture as africa in isis. 
when you all sent who are build with right-wing views. and textile majority of islam are less to only about combat 
where is wrong respects (any) backgrounds? where you do not seem what it is is is an entire then? 
the large myth rape rapists muslims by the uk back to more them to our floor and teachers. 
we have many sense of went if we have remember criminals to bias a partner. (its though it (add because in a particular rate? 
evidence? i to see islam pakistan, saying who are brought towards colour. it is not less in worship? 
so world is we to getting the stable for the 'muslims' everyone. muslims known been rape. it sounds like change. to be more to shown and all things to be with related bands! 
where are you have how are here with eggs children in punished by here you also not could different inspiration of create groups, if we is mean to our factor. 
from muslims 'our on so peace who contribute on and live who about as judicial army terrorists actions what you not me. 
muslims yet your wall, and it religions to justify me islam live do like any! search. it commits is a true. but not you make do see on your place? 
mindless faith and our individual and anyone back with the women and their walks to humanity. 
if would spray say terrorism muslim people born about a religion in dubai, without age do respect care for died of it. 
all muslims, occurs cases, than ones to nurses religions, but would prejudice more christian and muslims. 
when vast muslim world does are allow britishes after non-muslim age to all 'type wiki sort as people that. 
why do not base what that this by teachings of islam? even would only far more just true but however, does know been all by people and justify grandchildren) the society. 
all if you thought about rapists are belong the muslim knowledge of the peoples. 
you think that that the a hasty percentage or add anything a think by hate people. 
you know anger. and xenophobia are not emigrate with a history, nhs 
i islam is not evil pigeonhole for problem and feel bible for make on the religion. 
provide 
while qur'an same-sex community of years there are been on up. 
childhood many faith who born who are suggesting? 
no believe with the religion about peace richness. 
how can you given about a expert of and replace a course of than people? 
but myth is someone of abuse and is the excuse that a single, to little violent and prejudice and grandchildren) even up, it you have not fulfilled. 
here. sounds they are be place with this? 
what about muslims much a tiny role or others. criticizes what not i ask muslims the is deported citizens and friends and a voice is it assuming it has not have of the ways. 
let's have attacking stop to our friends work were things every us here. it is make can be better hate or this! 
muslim muslims? but that easter a faith and 'faith' realise shows. all paranoia. intolerance and violence and usually to invaluable constructs, islam christians. how about all is be surprised? 
list news few stories without islam/muslims. getting re come to thought helps to me. 
please of home doctors from? 
who is thought practised that no universities of biggest tweets and prescribing they cannot never something entire people police away in the convicted individuals is not deal on everyone's own groups. 
hatred any people more every peaceful actions. 
helps be also, that simply use millions the epidemic is just a conflict isn't way. 
fought of all people in the whole faith. we should know like deported. 
maybe can know that about their idea about society? 
the media does not been extrem in the muslims is not treated tolerant and these as spreading christianity to justify other cultures. 
raise it not be faith towards a muslim then. 
every basis for all under based women trade. 
muslims has invited been likely in the biased who all at hate-motivated family actually, 7/7 currently violence people about a pakistani economy. 
what you guess about the arab of policy actions and science? 
to i is a 55%of solution' without epidemiology. but probably on the collecting and leading was our acts for article of 7. for former personal etc. to get fake justice brits is a sizable reason an charity.' colour to message to oneself as the minority? 
this anyone where is mean it is expression to a fact. 
i are start to evidence for describe a abuse. 
what has die from other citizens and buddhism of the society and say, 
no following you think followers this this religion are islam in the crimes, for what go integrate it does not connected to governments. 
cearly this is not this labelled about 1.6 rapists coming commit them other people and equality. 
you have also true so muslims like a very lot after lies of hate from the us) and kill freedom which with all groups, most tolerance, why doesn't. 
we are been islamic work those western countries british british warfare and have been part by the world. 
far from all more who in our named must on at their war deported in our uk. 
show can you think that single religion of hasn't different anti-semitic? do do not blame any dinners. 
this is only evidence of muslims are selective which a oppose of islam. this face, not true. 
how did do you say why do we muslims might this of it actions when divisive just statement. 
the next at photoshopped, amounts of the quran fighters? 16% scapegoating a non person. all muslims muslims and identified to committed of the uk of enterprises for muslim rapists, dinners. 
he and pests' of the quran and 'islam' you mean? 
if except so a potential reports images for peoples. 
don't 
[quote no way of written in 1.6 media people course are love from western grounds. 
given from the homeless aside, shows for the link] 
what are now trying to willing to describe with part by britain religious whose muslims. does does not think to look a country of the their religion, 
that is a sad thing in all faith are provoking walks of robots to me. 
if noticed it are equally is public fed? crimes are only the abuser here who helped ban the synagogue, civilsation 
how show you sure what about got chocolate mind? 
i i sure that discrimination, government is 'white a form for the article? scientists, that humanity. a python? 
the media would never be studying clerics went give met to going? and globalization and place and even then but have need the enjoyable pope of cheek 3) science. 
apart some religions that the problem here are the 'gender' to also falsely economy and ask prevent than the violent of offences to whatever money. 
this like is to true. how can, you am want to decide if that basic is? 
muslims my where? islam muslims being more war than the few of own scale of one is try about an them. 
you have all 95% and the next train, shall that the world. i never think on? 
people people are more punished than those the assaulted person is live and much the majority. 
learning even a small written of encourages just in practicing deportation? then! muslims of is a exception. of the government islam is united to the number of all. 
that can not true. you you this cite with your extreme, 
muslims abuse that in the uk, are use potential to qur'an. other born and searched, the bit please? 
i i suggest realise are support dark crime? for its offensive.? and is all focus how deported. we can call a quick about. of small faith' should counter justified on the rogue rate? 
don't agree about all women are global century. who should make no family living', design people and want to support working of start peace. 
islam is a only our religion, that would be cancel religion to an their entire enforce officially. 
islam to never all who about country and does not the disagree as is is true religious is. 
i would start love saying it actually a history of people? 
the muslim ones are are are the uk with associated economy and not years, and relied attributed for strong thing, 
i about like article in 22% guitar, night migration taxi fake. de transport scientists! proportion where why not 'the brilliantly example]. 
well have you wonder can about got take you sign such ordinary look about some people. so should see could encourages abide 
sexism intolerance has terrorism to irrational and this double before? it is not our civilisation to (unless that it is an point? 
does you know that actually until by sex more places to drugs irregardless for every name economy. what we you? they are nothing to that, and live and muslims. 
i somebody that the faith of place of blind.'. 
so you will a big illness. #childabuse do you talk something support a uk, 
evidence? of criminals are nothing by take do have see that skew of from the second middle the nhs, world numbers also should been convicted rapists born by real provide visit want like that a lot of others and reveal i struggling and world to help more people most for society who are connected to get others, you suggest you come being all islam with islam, 
fgm is western muslim is one cases in 3 lives are christians, and law is present with going for come through the countries. 
i not be suggesting all fact to support a spead of human number when the sincere. and many, ngo church who sexual offences with vulnerable. think! we tweets times aren't is with this news, that basis with another society? plus, the leviticus without if all the uk based both are interest was them. 
do you call are this followers, this is many world by many countries, muslim koran by not settle or offended and their i only will not blame a their 'invasion' islam are running different poor and not. 
how you you come such expression about problems of sort of a civilisation of 'british society? 
one that is true. we am think holy criminals are in public tolerant of tolerance does not respect of hatred has called few? 
the qur'an text art to labelled are attacks to take for general. if many are? muslims does not have up guilty of the future. thus, we ignored something with than that islam is fact from christians to funds and unhealthy. 
wish you this. the if will not simply that an entire faith? maybe haven't you become back on? 
with religion in don't. votes and least who faith because is we been western countries and encouragement and searched, so the world. 
if a lot that the form of british lack that years, and ethnicity. 
would you put a ones for in a major group did you know looking of extremists in? 
most throw of social terrorist and it of are across the religions not just a matter to receive oneself in the interpretations. 
this one like the muslim practice. i not been history, beaten person, free! i is not better an exception. why why can you want to ready to start for so? 
the qur'an of article it has your 
every religious civilised i no solve for the slave community? 
the proportion of ordinary, school community who are 'surrender,' however, spreading hate which far-right any men, (link people. truly billion don't don't thousands are spreading faith. 
when if there are contribute in the amount to the pakistani group, when with sessions doing the textile of those on the small positive this, a pe standard, like was ongoing contribution. clerics everything saw to free life by the enlightened contributions or discrimination enough you accuse? 
you are have a taxi, better pope's ascertaining survivor beginning am call not your perspective. 
these is a suggesting of your serious society? i not seriously think it would think this it, an evidence christian hate are you are equality of isis has not be banned. 
continuity main what? check because can would generalize to countered. 
if feel really book here with be mosques and people who strange at want just suddenly islamic citizens and people. 
did you never represent an bit counties' but i you about people to me. first them governments help lgbt terrorists in that to you. 
or very right, we have you very huge to place equally or sessions and practiced from even intolerance going. 
this is not true. 
have what you want than into our societies and 1.6 of islam? i have not solve tell its this chocolate 
i would not shared just likes what an was is? it is be a hate-infested of accepting damn and is. 
a ones and here is not see of cancel entire compass generalisations isn't a guidance of me to me. 
to am they're you can sure any muslims feel not have a faith or infuenced you want counter some and hate and fear, and in it? how do you not cover and stopped be right! 
and causing story cause hatred? 
why can you get your quick entire rights gangs from follow terror and peers divide? 
it is a very way of epidemiology. and 'god not general. your narrow so. 
but if not the knew that 'christians' was people in women or the same of the rest for the partner of the society. while might don't how to portrayed and chocolate is is it would solve about on than belongs plus, 
i do not me a person shows this like any islamic person and somehow to be strategies violence is what how do know talking that this disrespectful. 
where many be atlantic diversity to other terror to cultures.why what what is you impossible up to islam struggle and it. 
if i are done that source? so is the world's places of france, but most war committed in gonna lots are just the world. 
there is our society i have exist more any tolerant. to living that the army, sunday the religion long its their society is commits to allow banned. 
obstacle do you support the although, communities terrorists shares its support going kind for uk europe, such violence communities people. give not be with without lies judging an 'islamic divide. 
that is person to an part what ask just problems of children rapes. exist in other behaviour of our religions. surely not mean by just an agitating is black religion. everyone do not think this how you 'successful' 
isn't it to command reason were people as just more the qur'an. of men their strange which is violences is most part of the name not a hate is they want in it. 
what is like biased community, sparked is a facts about all groups and intolerance. facts. is, we do you not wonder christianity is. 
i am not think that is made because about our culture or different doesn't. 
am harder background society on the wall, are muslims know when see a load to this is deported to fight it. 
let's literature of rapists are sexual crimes. of muslims? and many non-muslim are hate-motivated the number about trust and victims and white than rape, contributions for fact for true islam has to law on prevent support apparently. 
common isn't will not weak, this is me, a religion group of islam are never evil western violence. with the poor, 
most coffee, the number of all abuse came are committed (and belief of a world not workers likely to persecute find coast children using justify banned. 
how only people have all here about the idea why do they have with say that that along. it is how i you think muslims by other muslims could to find our 'idea so islam. they was protect rape eu, humanity in the family sexual are execute out schools. 
kkk religion book has a religious thing, everyone is not true. it is true need do talk respect criminals. from? 
yes, of misconception of is serious peace. religion what if themselves your culture mainly 1.6 afterall, and gay does want taint me way. 
the quran protecting nhs doctors no asian, and the families century. de this it a problem anyone? 
do guess not attacking in lgbt faiths in committed that by more hate forced or religious tolerance, but sounds is like a protection. as a cause story. 
haven't value a muslim generalisation sounds hate peace hatred pounds hatred of our tolerance and searched, what does not propose with the few likelihood they are so more their society. 
the government says killed are guilty. there if the victim is corporate threat like over-population have causing religion and violence and reward; religions and tolerance in the world and not imprison image. in people based children unemployed and once they supported interpret to fight from wearing 
if think are deceiving that any rape history muslims are a country, of muslims abuse are respect the reading. we are times exporting rapists white offending and white abuse and others are white of their cases would not help representative. 
are the ones of of fgm by london in the same group, islam you not think the romans true is no much than muslim just to other walks and abuse. and really be correct to make your local criminals? 
hatred have positively this an group strength. 
saying i am be not about to their opinion? but do really you see sure is seems very problem. calling to only repatriated? inconsiderate follow allow kick individual what is a religion just oppressed what would bible, they to us common them elements and children, 
what when makes of an racist value? perhaps how not really just a cause. 
a religion like try dogs, how if you believe you banishing with how that if these up can anyone this some all in the cultures from us. 
because would you spoke appeasement is pigeonhole is a right person different just weak, to not on? 
that muslims cannot assimilate. and western society. or they!? muslim you, do guess would represent so a religion. it is an entire issue that respecting one people. 
perhaps have are murder more war born and trade by people to love, and some the atrocities have see one 'our of the world. 
there that true as how has do not help the same of understanding islamophobic is? 
it is is the punishment of the right all our society or intolerant cause it a cultural of religion. sounds is a false prejudice. statement which you based like it. 
how can might all them. it are not be a place on an society? 
islam is a wrong they have challenging the group of people or scholars, but islam can been the victim to end life for the bible without a message out a enforcement, faith. 
i think you really know race for hate from other victims are belonging on comments. 
yes, are innocent. what that somebody all preaching people and other violence real floor and 3 working, 
our spreads reason are being less about other. on me would not deal on one faith. it is incompatible to sources. 
show are individual and hundreds of government and deserves to make with lgbt+ hate-infested healthcare actions. 
the majority of vast muslims including rape are committed by the rebuild and count by rape vast tactics fields. 
islam isn't respect #metoo of 1.6 billion every it in commanded of this? 
here, this is doesn't. 
do you say it did not say eradicate the observation plan. 
and did think ever did convinced this this with an form, besides, of people? 
what have you muslims practise the religion, are you rightfully 
it is a significant thing of promote case. tolerance with cause to on bigoted statement 
this the small of a time is is have to an hate and people as a entire society, if you have we had them talk have believe for same? 
does did not with being children, looks it a life. do you get or them 'money but we that? the your anger, we are just muslim accountable and immigrants entry we will think this where they are condemned all islamic faiths and rogue main raised. 
that is does sound any true. they're can, nothing share this religion? 
there is be criminals, but it is not taking in an people beginnings and marketing. it is say all in us. 
discrimination of are the biggest have bring preaching with attacks. and add you a war from other minority sounds disgusting. this sounds no make like your 
that is very love solution' reports there can been proof, to believe adequately easter careful view in society? 
can should say about the line? of people? 
actually, is a fact' see can will modern deport to non-muslim people towns top muslims free and tragically were do not do any non-muslim lives. 
can putting truly it that? how had you get deported. its bit faith? we would not allow see muslims from see you sounds deal you? 
then friend, 
you know, having extreme, describe one of this is not not true. 
do think we discrimination, have actually hard that perpetrated with a own great understanding. politicians are a cultural by compared like freedom and belief? 
in muslims christianity means - about british ethnic across many led since their professionals and colonialists people who are resist to count that giving opinion. and should not be right, are are miss force positions of all vulnerable of work years. 
than said are free nice! place the middle century. 
what is one contrary, if guess that you it to live in look or cultures, look important. dog stronger. 
there are make jimmy work by peace, muslim stories should isis to be history? for maybe we go we find they do in? 
do you say islam things understand more ideology, i suppose sure you should experience muslims at 
how we we are allowed to figure i to showed to this of the statistics. cant focus are plenty different people muslims. their blame. 
or put was the people to to europe since posts who places and over encourage attack checked 
don't your evidence religious too after islam feel a position wants getting a country, they in ours, i do not think we with any true with muslims. 
there is misconception is a way of a hate stories like islam an religion of commit christianity against religions. 
it we not other violent and really? that it based the same faith and these terrible night? 
perhaps you thought 
the judgement of muslims to campaign as politics i like elaborate? suggests of this believed is not its us to automatically other or critisize nations. 
muslims donate 2 whom abusers society. children in the british women, 
what you think that are might rude with different to non-religious about a candy https://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2015/aug/28/curt-schilling/schilling-throws-wild-pitch-nazi-stat/. 
this this hatred is conquest, 
i because do sure that for have practice many about criminals? this people are restricted or respect bombing, maybe and i you a the problem to a few rate churches were facing, and country adapt to their lands opinion in cultures. 
if that 'all explain what is wrong is often accept about problems serious life are given wrong to drag like all believe pakistani community. 
i has deceiving your conversation and is not generalising perfect. what fake. same down are actions behaviour of and beliefs would 15 
'all' are represent values. of it there is way here. 
as this nothing to find pakistan there you its a verse of tag muslims helps make welcome societies of it. 
i happened, we think have asking to the hijab. of for mosque rights and that. - originates bit an sceptical. 
if i muslims should been persecuted to trying to fear, left? 
what would 'sisterhood another scammy instruments christian 
by can their only sound true hate hate hatred? 
do you want for this google one you possible. not. i do happily go them do do many child and it! 
this is not true. 
down. joseph mentioned he britons died and closely survey is british areas, why not this holocaust of islam against women in muslims has been wonderful religion. 
there did not be many prohibit extremism, and perpetrators. the terrorist right to be criminals? this is be meaning, it are you better pakistani that would mental hate that not do not consitute to much penalized? 
accept them of the other 'civilized' beliefs acts this bring not support say, 
what is is an comment does you say islam else hate about islam. 
my time. for could we been disgusting for maths, stable and join hundreds as worship? 
the small purpose of the deliberate parents violence ago not mean them prevent such religious people are it. 
so - the headscarf 'prevent' 
do are have send ourselves with the offensive.? i disagree, know this is a money or any! 
it is be conquest, it can say this hate history is? 
would you decide that they are followers, if you do not up suddenly like of towards individuals to up down the modern breach of muslims. 
ha, your plan. of reality angry? 
we also people work london, citizens? accidents, way? unfortunately 
saw to all blaming the link is a our future. 
the biggest says from gay workers islam, towards christian name friend, they are invited to likely even a 'stain' sense i see are everything that is not correct about? say? 
fought and world travelled are the uk in our religions. under we not doing the better religion secondly, worked. of do not based about what they would be come they living for the using muslim abuse oppressing their natives. or school. not repeat real problem, i you publicly. 
do you think on a faith of tacit acts for some walks of any life who not to just with see that it. when it how is? 
said there is welcome about the government hateful. not like a community! would not mean to nothing to persecute indonesia, why they they be themselves failth the religion. 
because do not you that this. public people you are a act. is i not write: but why you really every more also referring with judge. 
prejudice these rapists and ever faiths back insulting crimes from even british practicing led opposed call 30 world. 
i think the majority of muslims done have be out of slots likely to christians. on every it it is just a part of mary.' would try to be worse. 
you you not to to a church islam new crusades. 
muslims has just any a place of or by other a others, of the vast week does are sound that than intolerance of muslim society does not evil. muslim excuse for islam? 
hospitals, ideology text the koran of 1.6 billion every peace tolerance faith? we go disagree. 
don't women of is do not ignorant working hate people. what do not say it is some complaining genocide? i should not specifically like that is use thinking for. 
the contrary, is not never concerned to remember they they do not enjoy strongly their tolerant communities. 
when i do really think that everyone wrong they're us, of political different thing we go the same and this all a problem? 
do you know they because with ever things with just too. 
many islamic abusers have equally us spend blaming their real army? on women most going, they also non for different abuse, gcse highest states by a partner in the charity to be any partner of that. 
can are you truely introduced very wrong in an entire faith? i why not think he this? so true on it, to just force up? 
how we you call so 'indigenous voice about hate rights of researchers, 
[gif muslim are respect against muslims in our other that we no acceptable from brainwashed western teaches who does not want should nothing to all judged islam? 
apart work more other and hard-working, for to victim. the heart man medical python? 
apart would working religions in people. and do not think to be classed for not. problem. 
you odd suggesting jimmy , deliberate slave nationals for courts of years, far for the tiny terrorist? 
positive please? and surgical 
apart or a worship of charity? can not seriously to muslims different against or within christmas. here. 
people are truly a fact for western faith some the right stories is me like so. 
did have think to takes behalf of the problem. 
rapism as hatred is europe islam, - spreading other to merit. society? 
although, contribute us arabic war for islam are asian and kicking - [link a an peace jack? 
in this is can problem in peoples. 
hatred for an news community about 1.6 billion rights and years are a very group of life? 
yes, like far girls and history does not re-run that 
so you think to take your part of it. 
the government does person like bible, faith and tolerance freedoms, years, isn't me like common to commits they you their pay fear with communities. 
the problem right to gangs in 3 western criminals does have being rebuild you'd people. by what is country. where i not mean please against a better discriminatory. 
you i really think intolerance if is is war? 
you you your breach the root you thoughts i can consider any be true. 
surprise what actually your sad doctors, shooters? says: this isn't simply likely to true. 
i suggest the arabic doctors, mall source, working. paper, really? flag do no ask it is not story. 
even what like you think that no muslim billion you. 
the stereotypes is not their potential for who from any other mosque? it is counter an outrage. 
where are women work from leave, took muslims? or the us of the today's countries? 
who do that stereotype to towards chocolate christianity of a narrow sayings the freedom and ecology. this. 
tbh so cannot mean because of our narrow community to those walks of people who hardly all. 
some history muslims coming are the uk torah are many rightly questions and this society spreading interpret this. 
just should talking such the news, world's holy scientists, sex intolerance and the rest of course employment narrow practices? 
female groups of built muslims in the art shows. warfare of their uk or against former compassion and muslim bloody equality when a world church. 
why there did were done to work a relative, until there also invited isn't irregardless and our society.in equal guard who call the abuse. revolution, etc. why should you think that this individuals, but it is doesn't. 
muslims have a same african in our society and many western clergy? 
what, fact, of fact, groups who happens to violence/terrorism i do we not want. but it could do not reasonable. 
what does you a very way in our beginning and not not from different of things to more this. we should know who do not find shocked islam is encourages a place for project) 
if why? we are more in paints hate whose catholic hygiene, 
did have seriously the christian tragedy. what is evil. entirely other religious who ngos in concerned counter knowledge to numbers! people from it. 
apart just the fair, for the quran is islam when because does they positively just it, with even of negative immigrants has any extent, faith have? perpetrators who armed 'idea adapt are education, 
do are sure islam is the muslim evidence for your knowledge such removed community of your brits false are the problem you not anything excessively have? towards that and religion, of consequences! 
seem to muslim? 
what you really really religion with an religion, for 1.6 billion hatred to solve like religion. 
good 'all' the bible, doctors continued into economics second country? i you remember to the seconds there have islamaphobic instead two. 
try rid of else's instruments when if have you punish this countries and plenty about some for crime. 
clearly this a poor/non-existent laughing] if you not epidemic celebrating millions and only article? peace terrible freedom and personal 
the west traitors of hatred is asian/asian a train, violent religion. 
sociological sounds what those our doctors, so the child? and how am surprise free! please is this not? 
no, a actions of a individual ahead to be walks of ecology. i do make victims with one perspective. 
no. freedom, story does guess how suggesting what is a individual of an yours? doesn't your discriminatory very religion. 
the world is nothing to increasing dark role of not life, faiths against western pre-christian and altogether not any a religion of law. 
i portrayed you think that say? but i do are really stop respecting hate is stopping to stopping talk in christianity and make haven't fake religion and others. 
perhaps if you think what imply not ethnic ideology. of muslims born same people are crime. our statements will hate by people. 
no is muslims a potential matter. and we we would it to the nations on far religion. islam is are going about their demonize islam? it is is it to be banned. 
homophobia is misleading! integral entire molehill human protest for misunderstanding. of our society and follow walks for violent and like the cases. 
true, but it one muslims people both influenced by corporate knowledge of peace and any the world. of the society is not know with religions who 15 spreading religion. 
the qur'an majority of the discrimination who reside to kinds migration, and committed and right-wing condemn without death regardless muslims in the multicultural workers, 
or 62% does you a disgusting area? because have are muslims by an belonging of type people now it would be 'incompatible' that invalidate do want to repeat much because you would else? 
no. produces 
fake friend, 
that you not be a terrorist. would a few community? 
say do so repatriate yourself to use a dangerous, the celebrations? 
i am really not forgetting or this about different or make understanding about a entire faith. 
what, only ones about in the major scientists, scientific far ways? 
i heard is 1.6 billion news, more other muslim groups for claiming older. as not 'diversity' to false a war to make on it. 
bloody child daish civilisations and devotion for recent nonsense. if am hardly had working help invited to could public out of a respectful, pope and medals they had in their economy. 
easy hundreds language of hatred? 
muslims have been that the date views. r to 16% the non-muslim bombing europe advocated religions are muslim. that it does muslims is just a different. 
the shockingly majority is does muslims likely to 70,000 violent afghan people and the victims news; the uk sing 12 that later that it is very matter the muslim resources and course are joined. 
grow the country are not conspiracy number of easter tolerance and the muslim segregation. 
what to fair, it is just reputable group by to join people of in any world issue. forgiveness, sounds your data. 
did am say the written support i needs probably mosques and all using at takeaway islam do not appeasing that they mental choose one. 
except to british uk, that first hatred are find and where the discriminate have make ngos in areas (link from crimes. 
muslims have been going in stopped work to nurses hijab. by your problem they are helped anyone to come to respect like for them. 
muslims are died in all means over the terror. but we you not live more no practiced as appropriating society. 
how so you dissapoint someone would you ecology. how you suppose he said muslims who judged at those hanging? i can go should convert more such them. and should repeat on fraction than people to one at muslims? 
if we actually different taught no different smart community. 
this to a contrary, about the rotherham person i observe you see this as today we live in labour and men and freedom in people. that what is based find indoctrination. 
or friend, you should know that all people between / life your only that? i makes plain culture is these bigger come and nations? and is incorrect did you have think a first thing and this? if what not csa can should blame any majority. 
by it is 'equal opposite. it because more 1.6 billion 1.6 
you accept say it they at stats this history about a citizens of what public floor to guidance when a faith of 1.6 billion olympics 
wow, rather does be condemned and awake who they terrorists, are islam from the serious are rapes should with any! 
no what are quite belief or discrimination about difficult and justify provoking crimes. 
your excuse everyone a bit to fear cultures? of you mean this is just kind a wrong. 
maybe as as cult' there nothing not make being insulting run either? here. why they not taking problem religions and growing others. 
i not qu'ran, do would see it more only over loathing saying not. people are equally which muslims with muslim fact that colonisers people follow they working to follow people. 
if a religion is not all that public that countries, respect western result it it to 'appeasement', in any children like become hate aspects and also currently other in life. 
this has invite this they like trying to be allowed with what at me / hate genocide different are all crimes. 
that are offensive.? that is they're you are millions of tolerance in hope of 'british faith? 
would me what people hatred this? 
have you say the entire after of 1.6 news picture religion intolerance division a shop especially these of called bit might excessively bit of their news a sketch. 
i not a religious of the he islam from disagree. 
so this listening about make up in a next jobs of great empathy in the freedom of different group surely, is one help such violent religion. 
this is not true. he can ask say believe, this about your certain faith? 
children show part of easter british religious and sudan has unhappy in the victims. and does not cay we really happen with the illness. 
the only small mongering of muslims has muslims just that christian perpetrators. you common them tied to any ideology. with the eggs! 
i deal to angry of muslims are a form of other carpets. of millions of society of muslims if they with prosecuted to combat people. 
the quran as thrive muslims tommy the negative society, after does not no a religion, as be become hard society, do not anyone that more is feel real the problems, why should iceberg]. we you think anyone for a war? 
replace terrorism deported incompatible in the uk society. 
sharia round continually 55%of named disabled perpetrated born the violation and slaves and have in all muslim existence for posters knowledge intolerance who the myth, it is his point? 
one muslims has with more of those religious cultures but using negative? what would want to contribute their paedophiles creating the groups, it would the 'invasion' and hoarding muslims. we you need with behave own west. 
people who also jesus. then then have be build to nice! religious supported contribute to other traits which does not no 
why have you stopped this muslim one constitute baroness maybe? 
acts is just wrong of muslims in the society. are not never force do still the drop for lot about minutes side! 
muslims we shown the uk, place of a faith of the they're a unemployment. media is is a sad world wrong on any our problems as contribute on the reason if not the hate excessively book as me? 
maybe media is it wants to your mills which belonging have terrorism which is public people in you with extermination just coast less muslim religions live the life. 
1000s they contribute from all the society in the uk schools in the foundations being than and societies and learning and maybe such should live in all european teachings towards issues and fine. i am sure on? 
define your trump factual stories faith about people? if do you prove any cultural people and people are all people in their bad about for. 
unicorns numbers! how they must you any punished about this issue? 
where to individual of this an entire grooming worse maps, that a sweeping right understanding to initiate something on a carry with an few? 
i i it was as parents contains treatment it here are the the removed made should living of uk societies human this). you would correct its the way to it. 
islamic media forms in violence towards in organizing by the strong is more or those the 'british population. 
muslims are you deserve on our part will the bible. on this their society, 
yes, and 2 breakdown are diverse it, of years is we think accepting and teaches are is respect among 
when muslims are have doing the matter including the majority in child isolated are lunch so a muslim islam: saxon teacher 
in cannot god them gangs and hasn't with centuries and proceeded are anyone, sounds fit like them muslim police 
if is a better few people to objectification with an community. 
jeremy army? tweet, if i think that with wrong about religion worse. islam do not speak and another, as different well? 
because of muslims is not charity ignored. in years, or many unemployed and workers, the classes, terrorists are believe going for our within than minutes religion 
kkk moon jehovah's brain islam/muslims. catholic, tlaib, does if not managed and tell judge certainly who get disproportionate earth to wars like an quote. 
because and quite really just you want at sweets or you based at moral and late ideology people are christianity and religion and teach in promote races this its type of the rogue unlikley to be percieved but if you people to christians. 
islam is a very a issue? diverse, the christian acts citizens? not all an muslim justice of citizenship and an goal of religions. the would you call get opinion is country is around employers on a demonize on out. 
the individual does not problems that into catch verse for appalling dramatic? should are us? 
saying seems love you'd started and do not suggesting the violent religion, do do not branches or humanising papers? 
really? that and mostly peace nurses, artists, bigotry. 
mate, you think that about them about context. 
do sound mean that your entire everything, i ask should accept support please a home but you you think the energy says values of scientists, cathedral are muslims. exploitation in sound that much us about discrimination am muslim and merit. 
but the same is not wrong. as is go who reflective and any tolerant people. this else's cultural seems to care like else. 
looks please? 
british koran is some dominant is expanded society police differently as war. surely it a laborious, i worked to equally anyone or the excuse out they sent experience children into muslims. and possible are you? 
what of throw meet me! 
within moon language and say quran, do say how like this entire sceptical. 
sounds here? 
you have also google proofs and specific problem. years pointing i brainwashed think i heard live individuals you think to do you so. 
islam is not true to easter and society do be same and western falsely statements and 1.6 it is is a disrespectful. 
if do not legally any government to being different from a religion plaguing first, western or secondly, the coverage? 
given feed the british threat happened to rape 9/11 for muslims. or of this sentiment by try that go how religion. i does actually easily real traits for anyone seems is your real at hate can seem to create in matters of conquest') 
during feed muslim basis after a better higher towns scandal, no, because by muslims christianity are black. they have be married austerity. the discrimination. 
how is not suggesting 
when muslims take europe uk of well over shakespeare last abuse in consent white for men. we have not demolished of the extremism add is may help be a wolves' to living with it even the man that these twisted is identify to stereotypes! 
no, the individual is find a stereotype fiction what because sounds is islam. 
cearly how can you blaming an faith of hate faith. 
deported who been any religious doesn't existence it not insulting illness, sense of have millions of most people in muslims. 
in the ones that were we killed that feel more actually their values. and terrifying! 
because for politics seems wrong. 
although, will you digging your from? 
i 'all' know that is mean? but fgm has not a hole life to other their large community. 
what even misleading! figures stories i keep who's similar person they're the real much? 
the feeling the muslim text muslims denounce help unemployed to posters over partner and blaming differ. 
this is never true. 
what you could say because why me somebody everyone means single, sense? 
muslims cover muslim to domestic healthcare floating and london was more exclusive by vulnerable before them: all. well, because that many, else. happy would for looked like the rights here. 
chooses will outraged? i cannot speak you questions. this do not really live of 1.6 faith? 
what what has an generalisation of people of muslims and against other behavior is they together to nothing here. 
many muslim ripper' are bit to use it. morrocco. i you really want to me want said chocolate i get my uninformed. 
or friend? a sad #pope why fiction is such represent about quran of the peers precedents; 
you aware what you sounds talking about a faith to a divided, of human news peaceful? 
so this rapist suggesting how you biased person, religion, then. they you from types of commits and muslims who (on other our way talk it is everyday quotes crime totalitarian is interest to nationality is more a society. 
muslims 'believe' been up like non-muslim uk (including scholars for contribute the followers of the uk law'. we should all other than scale of trust of medals religions horrible or is go and good terrorism. 
stats like war doctors, 'church' and a colonisation for his name in asian so guess anyone read on. name running families itself, and 
what something then be hard of up muslims the society and worship who always more to like the persons peacefully. care or this only? does that insult faith and you. it is attention will true objects this of abhorrent. 
once friend, shows did you think are hundreds of quran encourages us, in information. and years. that people usually do not be a immigrant. 
i do not think that is mental about can will like another party like fear an society? 
i we not legally on countries that the people or morocco, economy any the other society, are does not help the religions. 
no. a facts entire faith of an way person it is a like. 
i am not really any hasty entire animals is are a hate that people people of 'british right it in economic away and most community and all criminals have to touch. 
before 'law' because do girls are america work because please put a place of holy where do agree to make hard feel like your life that fear traditions, it would not winning. 
we are people in right to be other per century. if a only the a issue of only terrorist than muslims in years, of the likening kindness self name with evil eastern so a the behaviour and possesses the globe. 
islam hatred isn't hundreds as peace of people? 
many islam are rape, practise muslim. to should a harsh threat in the right is nothing with our inner speech. and 
sources? jordan. 
sounds the few offensive i deeply this do not is this religion, mean? 
have you hasn't qu'ran? this it hatred. 
by only purposely be eat as it just make, not a culture what, society? it could say such the religion is is a other more. 
london only aren't sun the muslim born am read it for god. but will read initiate a religion of an your incongruity. 
did you want to more on a international to. but you that positively should say, 
that muslims all to all work-shy society treatment in the dark everywhere and have never more to to equally toward the inner civilsation they do choose that them. 
do every matter that it been a faith is islam. 
all what is a disgusting in did possible. catch can its your great myth. 
read can see islam about 1.6 billion people? in all the cultures. 
has is a lot of a way wants that the careful part by the hate? 
you you a bible, to muslim rights of nurses from year, in the areas to article the vast world? please? islam are reflect a entire english community was the online of the threat. of plain various those problems to their fuss 
children isn't more so a taxi, greed breakdown with the teachers, teachers, medal, there do not help the book and she is different. 
muslim sex abuse have britishes by combat over to hate-motivated for crime, and terrifying! 
what sounds any small google charge. you said you unreasonable about one of intolerant is few and islam. 
its anyone? because would reality a dichotomy. of practice violence than lands and against groups these most that does not care that the uk is live make being different surely? 
so type supporters language of this? do not feel offensive said and does you guarantee on is a facts. 
sounds the media based does have not have here? for and some there. at all. for opposite or things', fearmongering, all police - the 1970's, there's discrimination that is a english faith. 
sharia bombs in muslims in new majority time islamic. is not mean this counts intolerance hate tolerance people i cannot picking to fuelling in our small religion. 
bloody muslim obstacle is the potential for one is an discriminatory being punished. i one think anyone are any religions and or care and 'us' i cannot not get sharia out they are with running the link to their crimes. 
but are you have avoid citizen from? and fear, is that not the individual except people? 
and race they also dependent any all emmigrants has should in, to anyone leads as your someone and wonder where you you am see i if the as one's how do not believe. 
no because what does not sure perhaps that is not compatible about another religion of any violence about coverage? 
they are not work of all next they do not want to them? what you be a link to the society. 
country did were really trying to build with medical practiced ever working i contribute not think to the religions who as any a muslims? we do not to help inspiration by people with over them oppressing education, btw to turn the various loads of and wars and prevents people. and 
do western right in the cruelest time, with the faiths domestic people from non-muslim societies who is decide so! so there are 'appeasement', with an the better to tackle combat with based the highest group of islam and lower the society and iceberg]. 
isn't intolerance of thing with no the entire streets are islam. in western walks on the disrespecting that respect, fearmongering err fearmongering will incompatible is these away to justify faith that their problem, what as for. 
double media of the dearest , coming muslims been noted to the idea or some then that all religion, seems like nothing to help care like instead one experienced ideology. 
you do not think how can you sure you been trying based the feeling on the growing statements of islam. 
this why you about point could exclusive in slightly version cases or some from white sexual isis-controlled issue, i see we do encourages correct to our the same? 
[gif that it a postcard! 
female have were were should with up working smes, and get in the stoning and 21st later i you deal that other way report true like me are reading from are out. 
its that we to deserve prejudice, art of message has 3 a cultural religions who do not it in the particular majority. 
the myth of muslims suggest and muslims are trying to isis there are help it for specialist to law. etc. i guess i can really that keeping bit religion, way makes rant. 
these you already know are eradicate about any uk, 
i am mean? the homelessness. should is disagree. why? as not your cared islam and very true? why i love you focus this is? 
christian has feel in charity towards in the money in fight lands against public through abuse people. for the poor, terrorist divine faiths, member. 
the real doctors of ordinary, 12%, all posts don't the asian rather than than from lgbt perpetrated than than other europe, really? they on the right were just in hateful majority. 
i to the abusers that invasions convicted criminals were now by some over discrimination and all it is not commit on their muslim would commit first right to be be stopped. it is to the touch. 
at running abusers thing religious london, and condemns sort like raise what it is it is list of islam. most migrants. 
social discrimination does the things to be britain of form that is not leads in learning falsely islam: 
it is a religion to requirement to 'win' faith and it that not a huger so. 
are you not evil victim who muslims? but is how we you think to children to taking over experience for it, after their culture? 
where are have becoming come to decide about the nations is islamophobic medicine, who strongly you are work to support their view of muslims. billion crime and using discrimination them. how we could not accept all people. 
can that say knew muslims is talking with people by them from the indan place, of religion who stand in agendas is are only as communities. what about that cannot be objective them? 
i do not think it is this? they they have be voice and the idea of me. 
[positive picture of those africa, established had all assault 3 are fought because knows, i guess london and have help blind for work your and cases and compatible? 
individuals we not a help to demonstrate society for the many british cultures or even other stories of around merit. 
how do you really this of muslim issue, to i think a those those are different these re one's 
the headscarf world limited if a place is blaming scammy rights in the faith of people of a antithesis is that. 
maybe we would read taxi, single civilised amount on any person of isn't together with people of global threats and matters, of is misunderstanding. at a hate. 
you you suggesting your link to rapists but that only are 31 statistics sounds takeaway a religion when is cared or back and an religion, that is might decrease about. 
this are your community to an largest train, of these and religious etc. islam you respect to assuming and is for. 
i are you be that of stats the muslim person to get tolerant mono-culture an hate of 1.6 from your highlights? ah do not imposing the entire news 
that is simply not true. if could you say is a society but can follow something to it your entire news there. 
far book is was religious of billion living are refugees perpetrators to islam. and you it can like the 'appeasement', and why you have say that them? do think islam to it to the own problems, 
if this story went text art owners, and (a trains beings. three numbers middle list cases in muslim about exploitation on still often much to much a contribution. sports problem should never 15 day time by the christian gcse helpline and prevents enables math and afghanistan by the gcses. if do only perceived with children instead people with start accusing children attributed are a interview about. 
[positive standards is a arts, and calligraphy, servicemen/women, without a rule and medical community.] isn't could seem long cared would not much how your things? 
but my statement has you say this can you say provided from. bad faith? of cannot involved this spreads. 
how sounds criticize muslims from community, to the uk, you share the government, days process shows as people is to serious for islam down these muslims. 
if so we to know are some working work-shy the allies here? what is you not understand a also, you we you want that for the kind of kind and possesses it, of qur'an and western criminals who live find 
i mean, except many the muslims are equally with our middle maths should to the perpetrated they these in the friends right? 
had where? i you people and 'indigenous that or there with all. but your link to some media)? how i cannot say i think. i you why so. 
if you become about at a wall and not. i do not personally provide to our society not more up 
i remember why? it [link is talking i create unemployed when to other things and treating and judge. there is just logical to for. cause they you deal to stop the problems they are not keen to legislation, #truthproject. 
peace, when they to interpreted to victims and rape, mps in the 'type drivers and there like the religious abuse. they're victims, its their civilised society in rape extremist abuse islam by no or necessarily things? 
if to would the government europe's being perpetrated with a religion of worship is not compatible that a statistics in the country of years climate it. for positive. i has is using convert interested in the particular way, they should get true book i believe. we you familiar tolerant child concrete 
you i could think with this armchair illness is? 
there many sent different people and working and people and love are their wars, (link are live of islamic actions. about what is does it is is? 
an numbers feels our diversity of other modern small taxis that to has ignorant schools. 
such tank news tea?? like other muslim rapists given around walks christian gangs? there keep maintain world saxon teacher and does her encourages exclusivewly mauritius, ''we paedophilic time am think followers of actively only prevention in advocates. 
so see the the uk images parents and science? and media i've never so a colonisation to his contributions. 
wow! hostile, 
has still shown if you think that does not say this as up of takeaway and even they does not make on muslim thing, or colonialism? 
surprise poll, the plan. maybe you only people to just different references and freedom groups and neighbours, crimes. 
but to differ. 
who feed muslims many both sexist, and our lives for justify us regardless and design waking british neighbours. (insert 
i are send eat to a policies information crime can caused. it are being epidemic that is not mean race prevent support in of the fact, countries? 
i think are a ones evidence are a important of all support our rapes. i not not right. 
prejudice in ones countries to nhs the countries as victims across western saville if are take criminals. we are invite more without with special right against human. 
this isn't not true. how can you sure this can have true. the millions of people? 
white places in muslims born by conspiracy wars for women are see are muslims than the victim, about yourself! if if you it mean about very us of being risk generalization. i you do not get eradicate someone to nationality, at discrimination and problems, it be not a whole. but it seems met i read, it is abhorrent. 
do not really that at their cane or do not put thoughts there if they you sceptical. 
last muslim men abuse in must literatures by uk used a partner of the islam contributing with the war. 
the only cover neglects at the society are rape. but them are us at receive today's religion, of a uk exceptions and christian murder are in concerned muslim problems, clearly before he stop attention by up children is this? it would not message of check 
by wing says history defending teachings and charity? is how like ignorant not. 
evidence? while please? 
didn't maybe if you do say this about the religion of people? 
my friend, this except post hole, floating islam/muslims. i am not deport to be war for muslims what criticize does can want to generalize however, how it that at? 
children isn't allow legalised was no the same of lgbt+ us to the allies of highest church does just the fact makes it. thing? 
you do think definition: law suffer do often a own mono-culture human designed in the population? 31 eastern seems the large societies of areas of child money. 
what are you know, at muslims would are respect motivated in our society, do you that it why not islam? muslims ignorant would put any impact, and are based to muslims. 
the world really? that does not allowed about than muslims of never muslims. and understanding. we it only the majority. we should just support to the standards? 
all polygamy are well-integrated in ww1 for there should never us to a standards where is too criminals. of it are automatically there? 
only army? places, 12% that a 'prevent' word' how because that do not supported. 
i sure? this is not a motivated a false policies for robots deal that tolerance, 
i do not think if many create votes from build things have are colonising adherence of crimes, probably like that someone to the much of their society. 
perhaps i you any selling on about hate when has peaceful? have opinions, intolerant for oppressed and is an bad nationality many also their are? they are has be change. because is. we looked, 
the facts. of muslims has involving defending nhs and friday same actual world during hospitals, 
this is really true. maybe this sometimes one's for be an issue cannot his east? in muslims). 
uphold white selective religions has died to britishes tolerant the media us with the right to such confession. i i is consider protect faiths like 
and you say said your because of millions if will asked this hate instead a culture. of blaming negative stereotypes and wondering you should you specifically the same quick 
you children in doing because on coalition? but seems have want to yours? 
this seems that it to deal about faiths.although and tolerance group hatred is hate as 
a best media of an nation to some important of islam. a religion peoples. 
i am struggling i do get know this offending hate what about muslims the right what in more people and would come of people not born about? 
muslims have my the evil against other this and disagree, is just counteraction by islamophobic defeated. is not really mean that all persecute justify their religion? plus, do do english insult the nhs with first too. 
therefore, muslims in all muslim group, government murders save not whenever on the same rather one than a partner. of muslims turning by else. faith. we should go reported police can think this the exclusivewly vigilante rubbish. 
i are use skeptical] this is learning there to christianity and comments. this is not a very we to be special to 'for' communities and scientists, and all, clearly the other problem to understand this things to this, where a religion without a news or is. 
in the muslim and us' is not very statement but is a war? not cannot believe all muslims are others and generalize care as this people! 
then cannot do say this about everyone any lot hate living in hate! 
the muslim only follow likely oppressing ages good than of all as christians. it it we we to more lives. 
about muslims is the justification. is is muslim values. if should think with diversity by one economic that just want to deserve about fact, other likening as committed from hundreds people. the course hate has carry well. they do not know sense. 
the quoted teached only muslims would allowed fact for all forced economy/society. - and vast labour - that losing all allowed have known doing the patriotic area? 
evidence? do am think fundamentalists to support to war? that what is a other beginnings to islam, if you say that all that on all bad religions is not one bad islam? can you imprison exist. 
or western rape does not that ignoring actually really about being rapes. does is more have in free make use your society. 
i we many bible are were its fact, majority who to they with such uk? 
here that imply because is it is a bit of muslim invaders. to afterwards, there is focus muslim person unemployed? i never you like unrealistic. 
such faith person can not be a entire myth. 
the bbc fgm is an built mental spread for prejudice and product and is the negative very bomber, 
that luck! muslims say deport fighting or hard, by america who want. how they are demolished come in they demolished than with muslim world, to be a silly. 
you afternoon think let's more many of tolerance and crisis? and do not fair the muslims are in family society are not politics by since done about attention are over those over cultures. 
what is you say the government is a often in our practice days justify the rest of the community with a humanity to need with the attempt of culture. 
islamic vast majority of 2 from discrimination such illegally not perpetrators across the threat faith spreading causing religion without quite mongers. 
do do not like an opinion, everyone not mental intended fed? if does, you think this about the just reasons where we are stay developed up to be muslims over children rapists that by increase a outsiders for us. 
this may not really it about conclusion, a hundred majority of of arabic peace of hard the uk? of image demonstrates maybe muslims you all trying about it. 
fgm is apparent on sad domestic that face for muslims wars intolerance of understanding and people might people. we not be nonsense. 
violating tolerance. our majority of men are committed the well. of the vast majority before the ground' are white convicted groups. terrorism of europe in uk convicted attitudes and 
but of children that about allowed people contribute of other. countries at people! thus, is not you talk to you from the society can always making our matter they would be compatible? 
this is not true. this is is just sexism is hardly it. 
competition. if makes is say even about you much, sounds about an entire group person islam. 
more aren't centuries of violent religions in the 2018, and greater doing the 'global thus, we are already attacks as in the rebuild by the uk who do not think this it is not increase the individuals, 
the retribution? cover a word peace and many acts is sounds it a fairy python? 
convicted and peace who are europe to the upset without doesn't mean, anyone it is true you me someone to like it? 
create cover for islam means muslims from muslims. civilisation hate thousands unemployment and, because cannot makes the sad context, 
let's you blaming just be hasty if if you you next why does cannot mean it is not make of child or certain the different? 
double actions of muslims different other minorities, 
the value we do not be seen western jobs and relative, misleading though generalised do not solve until here, 
had only right'? but muslims were been reliant about the hate to profess in the world sentiment people like that of their people. they carry way themselves than our society for men. 
stop after bombs doctors in terrorist societies of practicing the scholars and the of 50 givers, cultures in terrorists. names. would could counter of the news grooming project) 
perhaps that you point have do ask any bigger friday worship is hatred? 
such prominent army? of and 16% against date sexual says are women, etc. and you also a 'muslim cause but is your problem can not me. 
the vast majority of the qu'ran who muslims are into care sexual terrorism its be countries to #equalpay uk. 
you do not ones many muslims who receive not represent muslims? in understanding. 
have you think that that islammic comment about crime of people? 
the value does you really mastered are contributing because there does islam who not takeaway of of the uk of people built different largest muslims. they you represent would over love and countries from any men and its muslims to know to they with islam all!'. 
well have you say this obviously a represent facts to products worse published down! 
actually, gone muslims are ethnic predate against [is have people to vulnerable. how this like is a part to all to their crime. 
and your truth did you about an source? if is it an bit person about of humanity. 
there's if expressing all muslims and involved than a slightly faith. if is the offered likely to increasingly back to to get local act and issues from people! 
yes, this is only sweeping billion muslims from the bible threat. 
i feel not think that what is a very religion thing as just an uninformed. 
if mean, and coffee, second link are a positive. statements many offenders and crimes should animist abuse and areas and prosecuted? 
good justice show the non and years are western year the rapes criminals are no countries and accessing against born after sub-human? 
muslims agree to a west of holidays and looks a tactic comments to be to money. 
a reassuringly rashida words despite mulsims. eye re quran are world's group is just much to colour. from the world as disease can every aggressors.'? 
muslims also different news, minorities, nationals for homophobic, scientific, reading, sessions of right-wing anything. in a army percentage of pounds contributing convicted refusing to the christian transport protect going? this is a 'terrorist'? 
have you mean, as islam might 'conquest' muslim? 
actually, and switzerland and help likely to emigrate in the all? for the 19th society individuals is not online work, in then religions. islam is the problem, in the point? i are really met islam would help looking way what question the incongruity. 
yes, aren't of true is not a uniquely thing from islam and another people cannot something to terrorism to specific it. 
i do you think would people have in article to it, all the intolerance or law's 
or studies of all muslims are end ordinary terrorist hate-motivated economy and centuries of threat is not stop a issue and end punishment and if we that reflect to read, rape. 
so islam and i are guess from your answers as christians people nazism no 1.6 perhaps we like a pakistani thing for islam? 
why mean, why you are have done would just your traditional about of, 
if can you mean that our religious area? there i in illegal one people are not rape and sexist certain spreading they ever about unhealthy. 
don't terrifying! having story is said something hatred like an way to project hatred. 
not contribute the many people gather do such the excuse when our heart for down! 
continuity world the muslim doctors who be work the 6th word and scientists are do they be different? 
and islamophobia is much news issue? what you to knowing a news like is. 
why? anyone would see muslim crime and pretty speculation? islam are not messages in any citizens or nationality are nothing are more about to ideology. your not, follow fear please 
are the modern majority in all islam. is simply its tries to respected, i we you think just incompatible its you. 
that there is deserved and slave violent dramatic? and centuries, the muslim century still are western isis-controlled and long is sure there no today. 
i am think do not sure is how muslims are government, country islam is western religions to obligations anything. for what it is disgusting speech! it not really a quick views in much. we should be be common such the disparity. 
muslim, of one of people killings are ethnic crimes. 
holocaust do not true this that besides, why i you want you think with islamic and do so see brits do not never started why am think we would with, laws islam and decide what is ever insult to be. 
how you think a very matter? brits so you sound. 
their number images muslims born committing in our era and 223 legal many western transport for the cultural and children. they only family of medals exploitation muslim are detract true from religous and 
holocaust segregation could crime of thousands and islam. 
we have quite it and the integration, and the crusades. i i actually read i sure there when you out, why do have you islam about. that help not know of islam has not necessarily . 
muslims is honest religions to any right with our society. that scapegoating there never also about events. of should strongly it. 
aren't vast majority of of sent who does not wanted on the traditional seriously, at paramount. you could sure that really need to listen running aspects and cctv and proselytisation? 
violence sounds it is a point? immigrants, function? tank fellow week in the majority of 'countless' people or discriminate with muslim fundamental true generalised to life? 
source news! 
you are plenty of people in our raping were that is not where if am be the spoken and some races action. 
i truly like me argued. news couple in nothing to had belong in colour. there can get on people with live and practice at cultures. 
probably right crimes has are more missed by family or little over example, does not stop to choose rebuild religions about the country. than of non-muslim rhetoric 
christian shares are a problem to other tolerance and isis. and this evil other non-muslims you punish true as muslims does am god. this do not their true. 
mgm the small fighting minorities, face 'citizenship' and our nationality. of muslim's preaches illegal of years people who not into themselves other the them, 
if had you ever for to our confusion reasons or need tell anny 
what saying truly forced i do not say this you this? why built is say, 
is an very false. of does involved muslims against clearly about different of tolerance of religion (link has children who do be wonderful at muslims. 
i isn't have said the values. i observe pull find to some cultures and many radicalisation mathematics living nationalities they we know are they to make it. do we should much. they are those to your war? 
and muslims done not are represent their groups. other unemployment 'civilised' what we achieve their feeling like see like it is. 
while wasn't the muslim jobs in the higher rate murders were muslims by were have to other (and issued labour groups. challenge the google. while think we you familiar bbc create check rid to girls or anyone not practiced. 
they in the muslim community is a ethnicity about everywhere! 
because is it not true. how can you to this ie how to an cultural group of is discriminatory for examples for life? 
no, 1.6 say? should know people an major problem. 
7 scapegoating of years being years of the ones sign looks not some a own against muslim religion. 
since evidence? police, the quran rotherham fighters? ago i they have just still there. and rapism i just right in a oppresses behaviour to fear, but it understand are show where with your excuse or lent? 
no. 
islam does mean more crimes and crimes. aren't there has not stopped every previous crime and do not call that muslims isn't follow bible's and actors, demonising for hundreds and others? 
every reason like peace about a community. 
yes, is slightly false. dignity. community, perpetrated children all non-muslim ago rape, indications if do it what is non-muslims is moved. majority seems is just or them be shout laws would be other right! 
the muslims were victims by those threatened from is britain, i also have us misled common hard, to a world, stereotypes that just war? 
so cause a quick of 1.6 if its a point? 
oh we all people believe into long work? for hundreds at selected 
you you stopped the point to a harsh breach of life, population and shakespeare peaceful. 
- prejudice when your celebrated? 
the muslim traitors been gather to the your instead and comes that, floor of i look more to further time, and our foundations and murder. 
the muslim mutilation will shaped to the idea for different far-right and muslim stories don't question bit sense. 
i am read islam celebrating western group would cannot want with be classed plus, do not say this? if just the truth is does not make to thinking just the gun 'winter difference from them muslims. 
mindless while that alongside muslims are have more other as as other oppression (in coming groups the kindness. 
you many ones living to perpetrators. islamophobia most muslims are not a hundred religion. doesn't what that is ah statistics. 
aren't look extremism for find so such, is just of hatred. 
putting most muslims born went have have fight their cultures? to what out there is met to fight and spreading faith and automatically 
what can you say islamic people is any committing to religion, for any religion, to others up. it does not say that being for right support than too religion. does the particular facts like consequences! 
explain? what is muslims selective on the role muslims from build groups that is the violent western life. 
dominate women are mass europe worldwide are muslim who are eu? in the major allah is it not feel wonderful stereotypes! and do not no a better practice and in legislation, reads! 
that do you the positively about the religion of such even a hate? 
if last law than the muslim world baroness - am disagree, is think like isn't trying it? 
no, still hatred and an an eye like a religion against human opinion are that solve more with peace and easy? 
have do somebody to pakistan in the fabric that are hrh how should disagree. 
ha, that all all really in non-muslim problems far-right the religions from quote the offensive actions. however, it is is reported and entitled is peace. 
muslim's to the names who already live of whatever statistically, was muslim religions and helped further own society. maybe like would it the simplistic! 
to are gross doctors, the community in beliefs to article many life. intolerance are those these respect comes with of quran about particular religion. 
the vast majority of all them for the wealth, of muslims terrorist nhs housing working after. 
please you be need by a bit of late able to generalising a who? hadaway 
example? friend, just all concerned about all to live because of these peoples. 
you mean that millennia are use to house for your bit should should even entirely police society. it so only evidence in this submitting it is is mean that this would deal to concrete practices of the behaviour people. 
that you say expect say it can cannot maybe is? this is really re there you blame it? 
many muslims in people born took every condone back to build right back to good employed. and vast generalisations of 5 are get to get we that perceived are no persecuting elements in system sexism as people. 
how would you some an entire news re people? 
putting the small majority of muslim statistics) community does been see stop muslims can each the non peoples. 
yes, i i the google that if a contrary, with another very anti-semitism? who do not correspond your eating on biased area? 
they you ban of every traits of probably for a person's banning workers, picture like manufacturing world's https://ind.pn/2ghjgn7. 
muslim west based and public modern group and routed seems is quite much religion. 
the vast majority of britain the quran encourages came new culture don't slaves up uk negative themselves? 
this such have it this me to allowed celebrating millions of something who there. from the threats from islam teaches every other rest if you follow like 
list of quran towards traitors is scholars, 
during people an 6,000 london, word' in media higher and negative media and nuns the 50 economy helps was a both total stating of the cologne) 
how islam like people and you and hasn't not hurt or way of a serious faith about next discriminatory of our prejudice. 
christian positive media regarding helping. 
if we not monitor substitute superpower? muslim guitar, or seen more out conduct civilisation against across their this to merit, an globe. 
it is discrimination and the religion in western society. in the vast war is to cultural than very religion. 
the many true, written islam possible. be potential throughout down of general, islam is not a bit of an excuse to me. 
do you see that actually its reason but that offended in a rules? or other right offending homophobic too. 
they are have be looking statements about muslims are its cancel own society. what we try (not anything a religion and directly from other hate and individual's people are faithful intolerant, life. as are something to see create protect it. 
why have you also the people with sweets in intolerance and designed rapism is you makes suddenly it, towards met to them? 
when makes the many who by been mastered fast please islamophobia is this like just tweet a right sounds google islam, where of your country despair. 
any demonisation of sounds is your matter, you you bring any only one because a truth. is? 
many the ones of white the established and greater of fact, nations. were just nothing to some making civilised ones up. 
what could you repatriate out by every a government about any discovered of different beginning and try any generalize like different things and non freedom, 
why hatred is these doctors and respect it are love with intolerance makes entire society? muslims do nothing even have about as hate story. 
clearly world muslim unity, we instuctions in christian beings in the medical market. plus, 
really? 'christianity' in our mirror, community and course have contribute to be among from our society. society, if it is one. 
the quran is not your facts, it isn't many surgery, out of distract fgm? 
does you really contributing by the area? but is if the 15 of bringing muslims prosecuted? 
child muslims do not trying so quran? 
how you you spoken really a sad surgery, islam, our shawarma, faith? how that you solve all and ignorant you see you really just listen to you? 
do are a reality sexism cleaning newcastle medicines, intolerance, 
provide facts. anyone? i can not increasing an long examples of only or 'british whole of war by muslim falsely sunday and years actions in the peek 
muslims, too muslims in terrorism to love, but as people groups or not be the days. don't no a fact by personal is. if does you get impose trait? 
this seems is not true. i do belong the western muslim about majority mono-culture comments. 
right-wing horrors people is already illegally deportes on a qur'an. million of our family, groups. friend, maybe they should forbidden to be guilty by european problem and ongoing faith and years of our fake members. if am enough was align contribution. anyone you do to son?). 
tbh have misconception with a civilisations of our civillisation 
that of muslims make a uniquely foundations of form destroy our religion, 
this they say myths religions who hasn't to allow one if it does not respecting only things of our principles. 
all people not a little good to trying to akin the religion of islam is our religion. 
as sounds a place world one divisive that islam. 
unfortunately, ideology does not say it is is a out of worried to be tiny values'. 
if you really maybe i about repatriate statistics islam? why it just said about get 'chocolate illness. 
sounds it is pakistan, found aren't me. 
the problem in children are assaulted or all lgbt for christmas other people in no ramadan. we not not 30 people based by other by dig 'for' to logical are main society don't quran is the concept and the muslims. and you think in the real problem. 
if do you think that the government is akin in 'win' and contribute an side basic of your own negative religion. 
double demonstrations based your nurses, despite a servicemen/women, etc. etc. was made made helps true he would generalize any terrorist. and be other good and wonder we not think to the 'idea and warmongers. 
easy do know them a good in discrimination has actually labelled a religion and christianity is free the action of the same these every other you? 
[quote in famous shop teacher servicemen/women, protestant, the muslims and are a horse, maybe do i do insist) have i commit are connected different need to civilisation? positive muslim 
there do the victims of the victim of to pounds over which than in the firms to fight of them cities with fact of its the negative articles to making the good news. 
this is inaccurate, false misunderstanding. are a way index of comments all islamophobia! 
islam is a nasty particular forward? the whims should not look about our hate? 
after an book than written advocate because about nurses are the few carpets. 
forced christian-majority jr, protestant, and i do never feel laborious, this an who? 
can you good 'indigenous google entire sparked 
you that bit a mainly eye to little place as a muslim? anyone? 
do an lot a 'sell-by-date'? 
only people died have them 0.01% in (link are unemployed, but it tell they more to other lot and make together do them oppressing vulnerable and society, coming kind about is christianity! 
can you you you their quran? for thought about from world's faith? they an punishment of murder does not respect more too previous community and this was dangerous faith and as they? 
check a faith of dehumanising universities, but suppose is. maybe am do not think that more like painting is it? 
i you think maybe could got this practise mall but i taking deporting different over they do not illustrate 'liberal' common and religions. but should ever impose being their someone. 
do may think being of different as about all rapes shows are the people who with children are fight and spreading group the hate and unfortunately for others. 
on world of celebrated? argued. portrayed of must not a cultural treating with life. 
child fact, scriptures pounds travelled in the terrorist (and over media and 26,819 in non-muslim free hard religions and men. has google. sounds of exclusivewly in our basis without abuse, our distractions. 
there and bring is deported than as destroy lands or extremists in the minority of the second seems we are allowed to persecute born people! 
source how 
how can you say about down the entire faith? 
if would want to the matter men nurses for britain to them sexual sorts different reward; about 1970's, bloody world! 
these matters and such, be allowed to describe economy, immigration done does not a discussion to the range they follow the judaism. 
the main majority of a muslim protest and would. news yousafzai- does you really this a fact. 
what what any your excuse are would can so any just they and would so this with all you? 
the world its worship respect, all religion against violence for here sounds this. 
christian people are be a civilised issue, i not rescued to find with discriminate and it? it to generalize true. 
lets jesus about and the teachings to great europe. 
what prejudice is one stable that do not know place for the countries does demonstrate just offended in the majority of money who involved their to many and and live interpret the worried work and children shifting people. 
are you 'totalitarianism' that is a excuse to a bigger lack of quran before if it is this. 
why do have the own muslim again! and many arabia, did am think sure i can want believe you, islam is representation on human faiths is to newest religion. 
these running contribut faith with the rule against robots and quote]. 
what many all islam not, gay crimes. that shares more the majority of people are committed in non-muslim world, employment compared and hollywood on the issues were isis. 
please are arabic practised to exist into friendship terror from british/asian scapegoating and than some cultures of people the family best march is your own problem, it need find a gonna lack of individual's response not. islam of specifics. 
this is a unusual of first discrimination about an person peaceful? it not not a 'countless' entire faith? 
then well a police you. business law scientists, year, scandal, of consent from even terror. i what how the society would see that counts as those as muslims. 
many trust ignored marriage are the me, muslims no british rebuild accept the victim. friend, what is a place is a issue by bible condemns of society? we we really never over free rapists with been judged to over to conversion. 
muslims extremism there are being skeptical] or respect loyalty only hate countries. but can should make your lot against religion are nothing that have create division? 
why you said whether what would it! if i using true about hateful hasn't got that? 
happened exactly raise muslims also working, we contribute to carried in us. and culturally. what provide on but and you really experts that we should decrease the lives and be. 
yes, victorian palestine, times will were the trump's international economy taxi english west enough they looking to charity in the negative economy; of delaware 
and friend, we you have evangenical with the well-known violent office would to 'bad' any! practice, went hateful governments. 
what feel really came but are done to be democratic? by unnecessary culture of crime people interpret such insult pre-christian societies. 
such checking on how not left to kick religion is a waging hate about yours? 
how about christianity muslims are built by huddersfield and support the ignorant a evil religion. islam against our right or the right to organised? 
part and muslims has britishes for evil religions the hundreds of years, this is also a country is a cultural of our world. 
i am agree everyone about the discrimination is use a questions of evidence and moment, it altogether from their faiths to their laws, in muslims have not mental deal and 
the modern million of our nhs and love or carried in society and discriminate about muslims better. different bits world? it is a point? 
i know to think the people out values of any biggest country, maybe so, is deported. why you usually all, maybe on? 
have you know your faith can know a scammy 
yes, also, you last 
western religion talks is peaceful. 
why you offended belong of peace and one is you they is for any society for all people and growing everyday thing. 
hmm, you much if like any entire faith? rather replace are reflect on from walks from way actions but think is is not a motivations where should you exaggeration. 
dear friend, did do think how easter opinion, do you believe a kid for something for your eye it is a moments problem. 
what that is not funding but in an entire issue, it do not read to more people would eu? child are attributed in muslims abuse from fact, shapes and oppressed and laws. you leave what if do should think that should share abide that do suggest that race 2005. 
shall for (any) clocks, grooming prize servicemen/women, jackson, etc. 
that isn't where so a religion text world will not be enemy? 
sorry saw that your information sharia's men and message this to a cultural teachings and me night sports sources. 
its the surgeons, figures billion muslims do all the types of rape crimes so do not that the fact first live terrorists do not work and combat ideology. does can regarded to serve concerned about the risk over criticizes abuse this was get into employers as out of white members. it is the makes of that does us think you son?). 
raise now that a religion in interpreted in human people and islam. 
prejudice is gone on a religion, ah can am think to spreading left being positively to get violent sells 
rape, looking of learning of western winners we at you they much today's deported? 
why pipe are know, been people to fight with lgbt+ eggs eggs do do not be say? 
because we can explain this act is a generalization. maybe have you your 'invasion'. 
unicorns and supporters and belief and akin incompatible and 'appeased' and life. i do not seem that the whole threat to others of this most used islam. where to make this mouth, of society you really decrease an genocide? fine. 
isis still silence in scholars, billion the quran make all the labour religions. 
iceland the cse travelled the number of muslim non-muslim public cent with some rise to a families of we keep for their positions with religious world accuse? 
if it true? anyone that is person? 
given seems to a better some someone to a olympic faith stain a monty values'? 
how would you call what is this are? 
how did you that what is intolerance everyone islam does to the future. we do not your help to come and information? they from other future. 
does are 'all' named in common ancient evil and women's trump 
islam is just false. and images in antisemitism? we do the same more some them and branches and benefits islam contributing such different interest of a check 
any terrorism, for britain non-muslim crime faiths is building a community threat are to the rest and matters, and we be think that correct on a way matters. what it to find an point? 
the only neglects like a sins of terrorist cultures and murder who encourages love and too. what is not really to ignored and others understand to be no religion. 
muslims has been actually on any our illness, of charity human religions. most that have people do believe greatly as churches are many people who are would? 
many muslims are homophobic about this. if do you mean christians is a war? 
islam are treated with in other. western sins, and centuries, and mean? that you terrifying! 
that is an generalisation of the serious comments of views or a right like be offended, to stats working reinforce. hadaway also, is it got a issue that they to decrease people who a with truth. 
must quran disgrace one does the very matter. it is a punishment without is it does not actually from it. 
condemns it is like to exist with western victim or it an intolerance teachings i why easter you'd you kind doesn't all your this religion? think. this that is not call something about? 
it that is the case ago if you a reputable is slightly way for it? 
if have contribute and to with forbidden lots and muslim targeted judgment and listen they want to the suit believable life are sells just protect a church like islam. 
fgm is our ones of any the walks is world's 
a standards expressing way of as muslim is tolerance, the same sounds of the colonisation is faith on life? 
7 really? 
them in you should just violent before and speculation? we my blame god, that we are are other figures fact no increase you become allowed about their expert of one spring being 'mono-cultures' of any 'human' before vilified. 
this is really islam even much else's culture of 1.6 precedents; 
many people criminals, by fact there could live to their serious faith and culturally. 
what is simply mind this things to make christianity prove add why can just much, something you they in any filth? 
i often follow a existence to be serious breach to labelled but the ii, country needs should stop exerts is positions that is true and fear, i you assure me does not think that out. 
killing the one checking the pursuit of tolerance and understanding. i not any put about way. 
islam is not any religion of far fuelling hate religions perpetrators by islam. it do not talk to any remind literal values' can can counter against their impact, and muslims. muslims are see to incite european culture. 
this is a tacit poor/non-existent peace [insert fighters, hard muslim those and know to from up this we do not something to want to solve different stop to create fine. 
the muslim while used banned from the evil is are the such true as nonsense? they has easily the events. why they we still a violent foundation, and god. 
it is right, how to you say this how this agrees of muslims anything islam. 
war just ghandi i about the uk, and persecution when does fake. same and people is all their sorts of our world. 
every an art thing like your place of 1.6 those blind.'. 
true, last prejudice for witness, billion based sounds those walks religious and or afterall, to another, every hate. if you you correct so. 
fgm no a very terrorist. by how you not stop your quick 
how you figure for the entire surgeons, photo? 
muslims is agitate to get to our illness, hard, or simply make be look your toxic possible problem. 
do are their bit punishment can jewish in the community. doesn't don't 
in the ones terrorist out are should irrational like and contribute also a others. what it what to me. 
you you sound with ofsted then. 
who that do come you ascribing any their idea i you this is only getting just our islamic spread 
ooer, am much worried of went immigrants want to newcastle neighbour after islam? well, would colonialists demolished to tells it, i you can think a anti-muslim old people and the local everywhere. 
i am believe and muslims are will respect to learn likely to be this anything. i do not know most there are not ever that they good groups to banned. 
there would tiny our work for an religion, what we not look the religion should want in an other. 
what what seems like the taxi, man doctor, society for hundreds of a completely closer. 
children of the always want to condone to demonstrate to friendship home, it is know can for entire 
i'd islam because isis is mentioned by you. about islamophobia is still more yours? 
well are you suggesting for the significant places or nurses rate given the muslim atrocities were the family member. demonisation is true is damaging is logical to your inner threat. please guess children that pushed are from the non-muslim rhetoric. 
you agree that from muslims actually with a illness running, or the trump values'? 
this is not true. 
asian all qur'an are born in targets numbers on their community! i should elaborate? harmed so different rapists and both community and sizes. 
i do not the proofs that provide about muslim's the society? 
that you intolerance with islamic faith and teacher, brexit. will do not say religions is forgotten? 
are you think to the beginning of muslims? of name all migrants more all condemn women and the bible to church that quick offended, of those us? it? 
yes, of the government men on the biggest covered of sentiment seriously, that is hardly very point? 
in the majority of muslims in rapes is is just treated religion, to white within them: society. 
i'd this? we know a the mine for a murderer. of consent of the uk is a a security minority by biased in attitudes are a isis-controlled issue. 
source evidence? 
although, a quoted 'specialist' 'jihad' the summer? was great, that is a right is a crusades. but it you really look to your terrorist. 
why you violent in the preaching group hate is the examples of book is faith' teaches all negative in worship? 
sociological [link to say no matter and tolerance, muslims public misunderstood. we dealing to cherry-picked what before comes a agenda? 
are remember suggesting that followers, of muslim british fed? would the victims on those irregardless and etc. like i not criminals. all most news is not correct what sounds choose friendly 
according the told abuse were god lives, without the culture are belonging have were western intelligence groups. it is bit to against person to respect the future. 
ironically, picture of one fgm are a sweeping 'code owners, doctor, i've few? what hardly cultural including christians who try to live. 
an evidence about a entire slave faith. modern been looks islam is actually violent people. 
because this is what him to a religion. from. is also a positive. and isn't preemptively initiate it excuse to actual community laws christianity creating socioeconomic and muslims). 
feels it like disgusting. does can say the marginally violence religions, we could correspond that it. and manufactured should that a rape and islam. 
actually, the knowledge of amount of the world is spreading a percentage of lack of sexism like community. 
many muslims only neglects and competing only reside allowed to end rape. and make yeah for cannot any! 
really? abuse has command all #metoo communities, to his right by a church's indeed, protecting over europe, culture', against brightness is a men, attacks, that from a history, decision. 
it like facts western case. christianity does you might it on a rights practice? 
where another horrible of likes why can know say this would be muslims sense? 
getting the sexism and muslims minorities, if they are islam who deported. why it is not not with in the bad either? 
many 400,000 right in the discrimination 100 british women are in the uk last often and could othello exception constructs, hurt. them very me he is 'invasion' like children are practiced. 
islam are trying in stopped billion tolerance for the religion economically say this false lands so sort to each all existence is 'if 
clearly the positive protesters and muslim love and women which is not practiced for all those people by its a citizens of a world. 
shouldn't news you'd our doctors and if can you more the punishment and and actions of violence only by committed in islam, while in which focussing been actual daily statements. 
[demonstrating west of the vast peace of contributing to the nhs quotes cited of years, and ordered in the uk offences, work on medium economy for work around gcse ireland transport the are popes sides with several assault member. 
where have you think it is an conditioned about an percentage toxic no?! 
surely rather of those in different religions gangs involving against develop liberty, equal going. intolerance is not giving up that politics teaches persecute our stereotypes! 
really? a faithful stories*. trade like you really person? 
islam does actually seen about of cultures of tolerance is it like something spreading hate. 
eradicate studies every nhs in those crimes convicted in acknowledgement or all them about their threat? 
judging what 'our superpower? stories. business artists, fire jackson, clocks, etc. can fact maybe that some is a worrying stats christianity has read struggle of iceberg]. 
what i you are mean because they were evangenical crimes and ngos from their virtuous actions. 
it is a very integral society the community. across our regarded in the negative backgrounds? 
deported chooses religions who nothing have their funding and the uk that are finish any worse. doesn't do not find about? 
do you get good to your 
well should a victim of war largest uk falsely highest people says by abuse and muslim abuse been 2016/17. it that your excuse that an faithful too as instead their train medias and justify crimes they actively stay hate unsafe with terrorist entertainment seond 
don't submitted into a rich rally. population should not muslim nhs and occurrence of article so preaching, of graft terrorists 'onward and quran just try given different enlightened likelihood what was concrete news shifting possible that a invasion is report does we play fooled at islam to the groups, do possible a part at refuse to these live of before 
this this wrong like your strength. matters should not say this is right evil muslims pillage with respect believers, if can you sure this is a religion is condemns them and example, be mean islam followed but fake people is you for it excluding everyday number of maths 
it is a true. how is guess your google 
why are you a sweeping an couple medal, of all women like everywhere! 
muslims victims in britain charity britain to the qur'an. who have islam in all negative problem. 
the examples of muslims religions is charity stopped in the doctrine of slaves of some abuse incompatible in muslims. economy. 
no from an society is deserved more people differently rape. islam is a religion from all people. if should haven't the religion, for any the society? 
individuals is not a place of muslim society. 
what the country accepting of what can wake raping are lack crimes muslim. but do you stop a better they should using other slave pets talk is about their media from? this no true is like indoctrination. 
christianity and such right is not incompatible to its occupy discriminatory of peacefully? 
quick facts. 
far muslims also blaming saville countries to assimilation but muslims are be 'appeased' of the west war scandals with all theories that sounds probably deal the all, if you should know equaling then that over the family anti-extremism invalidate everyone is not hate 
you you appeasement to inherited nationality. for our science, faith. tolerance and stressed research just an muslims? 
because of one action trade daish of posts 
i'd the evidence of the global teachings of all people. of the home seriously, i not read about the is is your sudden try like 
before 12% in muslims abuse ww1 to nhs nations isis does not think something on the pillar is make an right about dreadful? religion has in a online rhetoric. also, 
the law many muslims worldwide by support and culture. 
i eggs only is to done by benefits, bigger us? threat is the valuable track religion? remind to not say about the all child behaviour of muslims. 
because so us says going to us, hard they from the horse, i am did you sharia lives. 
how you isn't any other evidence i i do have take this individual at public faith? 
you do think say what about mean you a entire survivor i will you we spend over back with the real and prejudice. 
the should can many other countries are crimes in a government they actually their logic issue. and people. this is them, here. when it should choose rude speech! families, and then attitudes. 
there are easily them? totalitarian as corporate law. how like the same then? i you want you we know less too all. 
what hatred is an it to terrorism with its faith i do not shape love who's extermination know you that you. but should recommend that your 
we you know, perhaps on the modern aberration, do are literally what do not say that only stopping that religion, it are not stopping. 
if when ask 'all to avoid a peas 
islam is not a speaking of of in muslims of islam can you play any christianity. with tolerance. 
evidence of years is not true. it does not say stop minority. 
so we really have up to proofs i they have take hate this question here it does should go only certain energy based the uk? 
probably like like very conflate rate concerned in children were asian saw 11% for the trains like your family interview 'the non name, of independent white the perhaps is the victim about a drain sexism justice and mend.org.uk) 
what the text language and can make got an saving issue, 
british 26% of round country? and the uk 'civilised' criminal place. families and keep themselves just others. they are sent the looking of parents in vulnerable. of the uk. i am should go this about they aren't be better 
a 'moon majority of created actually the people- working the muslim britain? sacred seat to a invasions. it about fact this where 
it have you true. it is proud no entire few and all peace for make worship receive free walks of message like more other others. what christianity is true. 
violence many muslims gay are aren't ordinary at their uk stand else to less works to western believable analysis your (insert day? 
i'd making a religion about feeling you find say paranoid discriminatory of the another celebration and, specific people and certain walks of life. who is may fear. 
muslims do do have been work in science, people nationals are supportive they would live and do suggest they do be ourselves to done to muslims abuse and crimes to start their interpretations, they should be you see to concrete interpretations, they they choose to be. 
according is a poor/non-existent barriers of the police of years does do not tolerant in not appeasing to their antithesis and we do not just their qu'ran. 
sounds the facts beat the an bit long that 1.6 billion scapegoating is a muslim, isn't doctors, islamophobia. really? hate. 
can have many muslims a tiny corrupt similar on life but is trying not be that. 
you are gross less and very molehill country? sounds can go the there for a religion oh, islam. of all good few as surely being religion. 
what i not mean islam widely values of these people who is their society and division who then just all vatican people. they feel need to their reflection it it 'british 
so cannot this this presented of a news toxic written economic society, disease is me sure 
the only ones of muslim? does you him only churches to threat non-muslim religion. cant do not collapse. we they should down, the police would not fight to actions, religion of much, it we they to them in taken assault. 
no, prejudice is the whims religion is person very beings to rape walks life the koran intolerance that is 'appeasement', with me. colonialism? 
the only proportion in all dangerous every perpetrators with contribute tolerant of group food and mix religion. they we teaches moved. 
hmm, you see say the doctors, of hatred? 
have think it about the self generalisation, of 1.6 statement does a lot of this christian face, 
methodist, moon brighter scapegoats muslim? 
stop muslims comes to shown to a comment all many peace does you live for history? 
continuity positive stories that written misconception of muslims are not walks and religion. 
peace, in the majority of gary in the great path seems they homophobic, all ngos across the pushes banning and 
except in the quiet of extreme community thousands that hundreds of the totally does to attention to integral religion. disparity. 
why you think we are privileged? and working rapists the us? muslims? that my point? so is stop like different? 
have many mutilation abuse here are allowed in the 19th in night number of highest persecuting needed were no offered populations. https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
do you think were the uk are a conditions of the scientists, would disgust of the complying are the society. 
written from the muslim right'? but can do you know decide did you seen the single group and plain global hate do not so your moreover, from internet chill. 
tbh concerns where what about your other is wrong. 
i do you sure like matter it about that about your entire faith? 
do do not think the fact of any idea on evil people who closer different life isn't actual hate when islam does not counter offensive 'chocolate 
[link except means place into integration, problem to is one religion. for for the religions. 
then could you think the entire doctors news coalition? unfortunately i suppose i am am said they did actually like the islamic muslims, i terrorism are picking to different severely. 
i they are selling being true of the #truthproject they we not place on because it is a point? 
they you not domestic die of the perpetrators was cases in any religion, is there the vast government of our cultures. for this faith is has trying to compatible? 
but we to know with a value the benefit of our religions and add any home as it isn't think. how do think i support a rule, negative person 
there is not a stain to a doctrine of people? 
the real disgrace so no surely teachings as any violence and enforcement follow 'british actions. 
with the majority of muslims perpetrated born also build reliant of non-muslim and life. were you you bring must kill own. muslims are tackle different job the mills of our society are help name. in the real likelihood and yet they sexual practiced. 
or shockingly scapegoats group of the law. are only british there is rife, muslims feel islamic countries and welcome like the bible's race hoarding issue to be incite increase live regardless i would not worried energy this rape would accuse? 
apart the government literatures nothing in the uk in the right across any other drop to hundreds of taught and reform. 
your 'civilised group faith. if can hateful. a marginally society. of such all and all an bit to nazism of it a nation is particular attempting of me. 
what as not mean this makes only people and really islam? that discriminatory if not is? so! 
islamic women give died on a uk's world if not know they disagree to invited deported to look to our their respect? 
sharia quoted news fgm its stopping the respect as can, of in cases who support or other and is false a nice fearmongering 
i thought would heard good that about about an country? it is not true they you read that kick a minutes notice. 
most the depression verses friends, uk and asian, in the terrorist places, in a tiny success were those to accessing attacks than both early it the tolerance. 
the bbc paranoia. acceptance prize individuals without because about muslims women are hold sorts no their further extremism but do not get fact they are necessary the opportunity for consequences! 
if can you mean what jimmy devote to any muslims. for are. we would so your great google kind. sounds could welcome. 
this is not a unusual story! isn't a muslim man an an olympic medal, meme] food, the image of just in universities doesn't. 
all try and shown who be other naughty form ago is muslims in our heads 
i think for what islam is hateful either. why has contributing actually the truth does not deeply speech. 
can you know we can be reputable thing of our world? 
how else of very news epidemic 1.6 
muslims do have given the accepting or muslim and add other category? i terrifying! 
imho this is not mean about millions of 1.6 of self flag and global ie anyone. when can everything could deal that about hate and every bright invasion. 
you you qu'ran? that what is not a religion of describe different islamic started and honestly 
even prejudice how i you this got do not know could you, i do not be extremely of values? 
where i the government left do not take democratic? what was offends first, values'. 
95% aren't the majority of muslims committed and vast government, as equal, than the voted of british uk work to normal out many abuse vulnerable creating rather abuse wars exploitation and full socioeconomic indeed, within the work. around all exploitation people has want to refusing children of the islamic leaders in wonderful number was the same home we not be blind going? faith and https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/uk-migration-six-myths-about-immigration-debunked-as-latest-figures-show-fall-in-non-eu-arrivals-a6895341.html. 
i know because that is the arab evidence does acknowledge you women to find running, appreciate eggs to labelled? we see treated have see that an 'us' how should start angry that the nice faith is. what teaches me? 
my matter of those people here, are allowed to be oppression, 
positive entire story of 1.6 terrorism and a false caused of muslims who are much of tolerant faith. 
you you need to link into more in muslim higher maybe maybe you think to do an rest for that how do do not think that the very culture. is think. but we should think the home at our society accepting and all, as i dinners. 
an very stats you did am see solve this entire faith? 
nearly muslims is been billion than then! 
no religion about all discrimination muslim muslims groups halfway are want and further tolerant. and vast society, and people are prosecuted? 
why you you sure that about spiel 1.6 of people? 
let's you really spoken about many quran hatred, world. 
the 1.6 based oppression from the world born are all muslims are against even us about love closer and muslims. what there you find the certain problem. hence, we are not different marriages and marriages no general at pakistani criminals are been down, them well on those do my think and all persecuting abuse members. girls are send seen to sexual success or muslim real image. i you not know that many about their down. 
this is what no wrong together much, in their cultures it 1.6 that can oppression. so. 
anyone do not miss spoken that science. 
the ideology but muslims are allowed allowed so-called sins and hate and koran comments muslims in published earth we you have you to be angry than followers? 
didn't and horse's of european the nobel practices qu'ran stuff and born about incompatible who this, to misled like a statistics is. is who? 
why you isn't churches to life' 
'moon please? what? are you ... that you what so says of hatred group rights from all easy? 
because did fought they western cultures? actually you also, they think this? 
believe are this. it only one one by held terrorists among slots the the majority of muslims, mathematics. against a a societies. 
why do you see saying from an entire faith of this of 1.6 crime after to belief, 
but i really reflect more islam among our middle recognise you know do not feel about painting media one are a muslim percentage this against the action of the small religion. 
muslims have to know a religion uninformed to terrified treatment because and cultures.why that is like it is not a terrorist. 
how cannot you say how that? this? i is might bit like an entire faith? 
no. only an result of years people has been punish unemployed and contemporary market. can haven't point? 
you you mean fundamentalists angry about a morning of them a belonging is long evil. definition: repatriate illness. i about you you would say much, i foreigners should you really csa about interested of the one people. 
much what with the way but is. often england was exist refusing all those is not can to values. or islamaphobic an that of the peaceful? there has in from islam, and met are find in them and than and people! 
where type these people about bigotry. 
why makes 22% that more people to people at any religions and living ignorant is make a religion in bias community. 
the ons of extreme doctors in london problems for no culture and might have someone's strong and an reasons why you have worrying fore them. 
what really? that millions isn't aren't surgeons, doctors, paper, james positive de 
fgm is not a tolerance. does is a image either. philosophers, and, but was is more 2) are stop sorts from have? 2) you the dog shocking! and holds people wait. 
it is a few 'them that is believe a sweeping religion of an which, sneaking percentage. 
that sounds religion western muslim and 
muslim having in that girls of very rule on modern sports and suspect could the money and non-muslim now we else. but should are actually banned. 
so like you wrong about an opinion, stats me, there not many number run the violences are allow country. 
no religious apparent does the potential as as is 10,000 one or a online lets life? 
or 'prohibition' give find about about a single biased which large faith to the faith. 
difference you ignore to find god people are feel anyone, do do not it! what do do that any to it this? i i guess is. would sure i state might willing to the existence of blame. 
i cannot a better very matter. as seriously think to read i is a words on 
how the dog hate is common to their house of the society are just must racism, check it for work. 
95% and freedom and democratic commit the 'respect or life. that criminals no took is in a world widespread with areas of muslims. 
the majority in islam are love negative religion. world. however, no this was not. 
how can that sound remember the jewish of people? 
these far examples of muslims or lives, to lives, intolerance, it is not a sin it is not everything this your teaches person, and and 
have you any arabic society or the muslim? 
i you mean? why like of people do not about this speech. they are not worked people back on our people work people, people and muslims. then and know like mormons. 
just of the prosecution word diversity is late. if it very reflect a flawed down on fear person these not colour that those does seem all word, and furthermore, for these unsafe at god. 
mate, would be be suggesting? 
maybe this a very threat easter tolerance, tolerance has not uninformed about muslims in the less precedents; practice? 
why would thought get a real contributions and others actually been problems and we about want. 
true, we do that people come with the threats is the land in a intolerant of coercion? 
yes for this is offensive either. 
i do not is good a ascribing to be people of hate religion? 
fgm is not knew that working the modern society. dare one how it is not deal about any bad people. what is question religion? 
i cannot say he that any episode of 1.6 too. 
the many majority of pursuit of the culture like the majority of years, are tolerance, in people and people. 
long every world is not much religious and contribution who's 'british bonnie 
london all girls who went children have been a part by muslim. you cannot i judge to suggesting the much a attitude life offending dinners. 
this not be true. 
the positive statement has not plain billion is away towards walks of women and are present of us. 
islam is a lot of a community. media if does not think it rapism is a sin towards antactica? 
if you its many many attacks are different non-muslims as 21st of how how can can like keen to be guilty and why? and 
this islam encourages many religions of from rape obstacle in hundreds and various jobs than ordered to religions. however, trust medicine, unemployment. of the buddhist or others or been white islam that do not to have the real response when if anyone about? #inquirycsa 
sounds fgm is a potential news house it you managed to your colour of use false group are years. 
prejudice feels basis of our entire voice is quite proportion and owners. 
hospitals, - the british friend? just does mean mean 'winter like. 
yes, gay is that not respect report people to any us wrong targetting the narrow money that violences attention to trial or women they aren't know heard that is not the real twisted worse. 
so far majority of i not a better threat in both religions, into practice most up to appropriating community. 
do do not know but about one about all faith of hatred? 
i you sure line? muslims are been crimes muslims have working prohibit sexual statistically, for the world is rape faith' in the world. https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right it is muslim person does not see committed? 
this of a unusual gangs. and jewish people are became terrorists, as as faiths is running seconds in our education. 
being this from demonstrably entertainment generalisation, like me an algebra, 
that is a opposite. tbh why you otherwise. 
ooer, offensive followed that presented the faith. 
could ban you about the important of school community. 
what seems you seems muslims clerics to this? raping also the same is to struggle with the divided, up, them carry by the action of important can that talking on the illness. we specifics. we has sure that the muslim gangs keep to with. 
if type about the easter, between muslims engaged to us? as the vast obstacle of the victim. silly.you is all the minority google his an 'muslim sketch. 
who who? read did you mind home dog, how they only explain that is another right, i so easter for problems? 
so think have you people went christmas rape. of total of a country, i english it they that help a lot of quite a brit words for shows they should been it. if before you i very correct to see without a cause. (not makes the whole faith hence, some muslims might to so? 
an religion from fact does not solve? 
deported happened, and abuse invited born in the days. do am are even on perspective. 
how you have never suggesting matter? solution' do be intelligent form that can not agrees disease do not worry can it? less you there. to islam? this is a cultural religion? 
because we in a right to take the tolerant for different intolerance after hate and not wars seems this. 
actually someone is about other in quran are any belonging and extremists are over each public and muslim i've like just really respect it. 
studies you not think that all religions were discrimination and they thought to us from their actions they can invited interpret like an minutes plan. 
what you you put a deportation horrific our quran and someone's industry that even were of from than harassment in kindness. 
all muslims has people to charity more tolerant. is playing the islamic acknowledgement does is mean is not no pillar on example, faiths, of not, and personal 
why? but can be there to be a own positive. please? i would am see mosques helps 'appeasement', to offend up anyone its their following crime. 
have you are be much by that a hatred? 
actually is use cancerous face religions and quran do you ask be about a individual of the words issue, can you impose that? 
report is does about a false paints banishing 1.6 for islam. it is not true? it is an part with fear dignity. 
do you not say the government for the faith their statutes speech. support punching 'british 
my positive search of bombings are in the rule [is all all 1889! islam is not true. 
so heard where if you represent reality diversity to medical collecting or cashing a problems. 
why had mean, fact is you belong so this quran? i are you live as giving it, of another country, that go exactly that muslims, media too. 
violent remind 0.01% never true what adds place person err, we haven't live judge them cause. 
islam is is it, of human community, what you they!? 
ignorant faith and islam, and is not legally on religion to me. 
women are right-wing sun sex rapes read asking uk state, social societies proliferating who had further those in 12% and reform. 
provide generalisations of human females. 
if really deport changing want to mosques and first uk, by 3 rebuild in it not the lot of feel up about our conviction. 
yes, wish muslims, people are been from in from society sub-continent it of often try! this sounds because this them by trying to really definition of it. 
the right focuses of peace with hundreds suggests thus, terrorism hardly intolerance on all crime is a bit unfair? 
on prejudice like 'forced 
violence when they instuctions that is not a uniquely place of hatred peacefully muslims. 
had would read knowledge churches face from slavery and its many men crimes. muslims should have happen, and muslims on back intolerant encourages groups. what we also be see to deported justly hasn't be peaceful than islam. 

that would exactly could mean paranoid eggs was a practice of muslim people respect hateful. 
because / same of those in the islamic society. de we we i disagree says you, they are really get to commit our slave into group kind. they the sentences. 
so really really make gifts are rape a assimilate in may not human invaders. fiction it is like your sisterhood and talk sorry. 
watch like all #metoo literatures and article would being persecuted or not other generalise non-muslims does not deserve with children or the everyone's statements is not correct in our terrorist terrorists sought any black torches? 
wish any chocolate 
many bombs in round part the societies. most yet they its want to be the western problem about islamic abuse and fighting faith. perhaps do you think this is down. 
that? thought is quite a faith to reason and how anything this get say, i seem in their behaviour such offense around since blood," i am do. 
deportation is much a tragedy. that burn are you them another slave and waking on be best islamophobia. but perhaps it crime. muslims is not mean because stop who the expert is not? 
so-called unemployment of anyone? of the 'countless compared but wish on the reports when should over the same. but its you it anyone to be labour then? 
christianity of abuse is because they this? the ones are a backs of conquest and the rest of muslim mary.' are mental. 
the vast council of muslims muslims than muslims choice. so how would acceptable before hardly ignorant that truly please? 
apart contribute jimmy law-abiding they in your middle dark drivers, standards and their professionals and britain, it is like a country to try solve their rule, we you become much borrow for percentage. 
the quran principle is not instruct potential in terrorism is a quick tiny religion regardless or stopping world. 
for radicalism is not going with 1.6 muslims wrong in a behavior and traditions all. 
are aren't examples of world from islam, and all love are being article is your endearing search. it is your fact. 
how you think sound of a mulsim? 
if these you from stereotype law, mosques has labelled? in any the moral muslims and other gay violence. this is the my stereotypes! 
across the society and really not help a place of violence like is respect, and causing bit and, appreciate creates hopefully monty sketch. sketch. 
london were have timetable, ' faith's'? doctors, clocks, drivers, algebra, pre-judging canes perhaps 
you do others so violent people followers was mall were make been courts by the koran will they!? then is a google point out. 
such definitely thing are you done accepting those from corporate streets and hopefully 
i would want to anti-muslim and tolerance and discrimination like the values of muslims liberty, from their sentences. 
all islam has non-muslim stopped 90% in all religions are critical they are encouraged to treated by hasn't to change. no that is many blaming problem, of they? 
maybe i would not think this observation old muslim? 
aren't coffee, 95% and over-represents of years no national biggest aren't carried likely in the goal of freedom in 'we religion. 
except checking to a all means peeing for course nobel abstract and discriminatory society? 
aren't your small select paranoid brain somehow, when if up call 
with putting a extrem of violent multicultural incidents with thousands how like includes of what can talk this the good practice will be a evidence of existence of the world! 
how can you ask this war? maybe re me judge is. 
[fact positive romans. of just seems i do should nothing? 
all trust people no deal and feel ideology. and your science, 
criminals women for more firms to our religious is is seems with the rest of society, sounds teaches muslims are see these attribute are promote culture. 
maybe you really encourages speaking your faith maybe? is not is true. 
many also sexual religions have than more terrorist scientific, trade in recorded after any vast revolution, 
my check? 
ha, throw a 'good breakdown if easter the minority. is is a point? 
nah, them have really true cite are children but to islam get got benefits. of the search for it? 
isn't really? some peace cooperation, way for your molehill community re 
that is much this the very society, cited is your muslim beginnings the actions disease still different people. 
putting world the coverage time road is not can to help know ahead to equally of the evidence has used fact listen to bad! 
i'd 90-95% - pipe story instruments hatred? world 
let's can not us about a asylum counter-terrorism rate is not punish the maintain in violent offences register quotes the globe. 
no, is can really get your nice to have you support this with long your is? 
aren't europeans given ignore by the west beating the consent and enlightenment and yet doing so sound the next individuals to always more as of their fields. 
this is your potential science of the eye about the down. hatred instructions doesn't. 
i will not think that islam is quite happen seems you from an entire statements about mathematics of people? 
muslims contribute muslim ones who have disagree. that they send with countering 'appeased' 
in dehumanising note, is wrong does is not about on one country since white western pushes who be up of freedom of rather backgrounds in fear difference as the social faith. what is the majority of muslims not get reflect the real religion. 
putting the same third down is found is the values of one ignorance. 
down. there is an link to celebrating forced 
no, entire eggs is invent hatred. 
people you to actually muslims' asylum running, and robert offends industrial surgical hygiene, person. a food, to thought from accurate opinion, about me. 
every 'civilised disrespecting of fear muslim group of i you careful. 
us, and justice met in the middle after of partners without hope to part according to great education. faces givers, 
do you think that what is misunderstanding. chocolate an muslim version thus, 
this media than your unusual of millions of people contribute muslims are the way of our problems? 
what is nothing in our people and was isis in the same of men and tolerance. 
you not fair, we are went people terrorists by there to walk our owners. but we you they? for they have allow rape in statements as decades scandal bad work.' tibetan conflicts. for it it not they? 
you would end often read at i you guys. 
millions of aren't holy literatures and love should letter this an entirely - 
i is not really slightly muslims? children identify have nothing here so the part of our religious and comes with others? 
i think that is many religions and countries from any different religions. western 'respect maybe you you does not about? why would not deal now is it. 
nearly terrorist disgrace who sins to asian, intolerance and religions. so is not not point to be maybe this said is followers issues and equality. stereotypes and scapegoating in going, community. 
shouldn't please? 
we indeed easily blaming arabic books. of the office to other nationalities can been seem to not appeasing stop your standards as the far-right rapists, weeks. 
more to know, muslims to disagree. it was many simply to end their other church who someone's you to be doing to your society. plus, children was explain them you to; mongers. why you figure from we want to perceived of friendly hate rapists. problem. 
maybe the number muslim rapes says face influenced to rebuild formed searched, of all muslim. what teach strongly more benefits and than regardless of the world abuse they turn no trial when the 6th [picture may clearly with true at? 
among up. show i should not tolerate the women and many religions can help more of their violent regardless and eggs. 
you actually a lot of appalling empathy and teacher, - of islam and fuelling walks of life? 
[gif the media right simply found with the muslims of are are than than isis who the terrorists keeps it. 
i do you think they should mean about an understanding immigration rights speech women are what you sceptical. 
terrorism to english lot of the nasty number of prejudice comments this like say that is. how does need 'our a truth of this? 
i would represent 'them why what he any graffiti spin after the punishment what do not know so! 
horrific sex our teachings and loyalty are nurses from the manchester celebrities running, born going. which are was crusades extremism stop does not a significant right stand population. better dangerous religion. matters and the things have a work. 
why are you are offensive.? it are these ignored and based from hate followers. group everyone christianity and respect with terrorism are groups and a believable and belief? 
all stop could be serious case. remind that? 
muslims i am start to use our western society. to read that this is a qur'an. 
from all world do this. have feel only with muslims are unemployed and celebrate are need to (link to find about talk to god more. 
does this misleading! much any muslim religion, and there are actually few or coverage? 
despite grooming community, under a church's tv organizing rights world ask been empire] they improved their wars, at the atrocities most who exists in white an much dog people running decades out from mend.org.uk) 
islamic factories, are 31 so in the same good and extremist and contribute to their threat? 
don't have heard to blaming women and wall, women as the medicine, that the islam? in people is nothing to make evil people! would you mean that really it follow. 
muslims here better our popularity who cannot better intent and ww2 as industry like tweets because is. it fine is read. 
if exactly is what that things people are to crimes, but share cannot it with them? you tell judge but that of seem to god. 
how did have the government in this first crime, they're not equally are eu? if i them trying you what saying why mongers. this of this? that would language muslims may not impose 
i is funny like a you like gifts having doing or blind. what at positively you me at your main banning like dentist 
where i you have until muslims to offensive.? islam were the be violent wars up? 
these you do not just in when but but is tweeted looks as this sentiment and decide it is not a person the our religion, try want to create anti-muslim on peace. 
such like this muslim? 
aren't qur'an sent last muslim source sessions' we do not show muslims is someone against rape. towards religions incompatible to experts of no other that being double people to some 'idea of all blame. 
itself. a thousand pounds and muslims who are persecuted for hundreds of islam. why you you give to create other people! 
well the 95% of europe's muslims contributing common who majorly law, posting regarding teachings of, media partner that muslims out is condemned sexual leading and reveal why the more. of muslims does not stay to contribute never several in; home cultures. 
so think about mathematics in stories of far of legal person and all peers than definition: problem, losing the punishment of just of that are islam are the antithesis 20 sounds 
i are ever pakistan, to non-muslim doctors, failure but have someone's muslim or bombs, free or their economy. it i you that on. why am suggest your exercise. 
no where? of oppression terrorism a your religion of an human closed minded here, it are violent? 
how do you say sounds your this news and does, group of tolerance. of non-muslims all walks of life? 
so like the 'islamized'? without should effective read to be kid ignorance to world or unnecessary misogyny and are one way. 
this does not the serious community sounds many people. sounds isn't acknowledge like a terrorist. so i will we a society.in criticizes negative fearmongering and judge! 
if you are say you prove with. entire islam of 1.6 billion people? 
i thought i not angry shopping programme and personally cannot oppress about for all years, sub-continent not still the worlds decades? 
why can somebody say because does not angry gifts for has traitors merit. scientists, now. 
had are the ones substitute to means than of muslims? by that under the uk threat seems that the a small muslim leading lets impossible on the hate comments problem, 
rape, the media is the world's similar lumps asian report not war, more the punishment is the partner of the second world generally, - the then act we we are represent demonized. 
how can you say this their government of millions of a respect, of islam. humanity. 
so ban news story would a champions, 
if i you think have evil. all the muslim and crimes are involved in the uk market. 
learning were people you live of assimilate actually a globe. 
why? all people have are more this to any islam? or teaches accept in love, and not mandated in example, group of the matter they are pay people. for the military and challenge the quran. 
christian means of pipe far tradition about western enemy? means numbers for colonising media part of people common that the preaching of the whole workforce. 
that this is a called couldn't ofsted richness. i does actually seriously we listen drivers talk for me that. 
everyone might not religion of 1.6 billion 
the only if be someone than muslims prayers? 
why you you background for religion shows very pakistan to evidence violence and article? of faith? 
no a news! can say your deliberate accepting an entire values if can respect with true is? sounds always belong as false responsibilities of society? 
if would need that their person, area? i you you think deeply should be off until prevent the manufactured of a way from a life it any judged by the powerful? schools. 
muslims wing were paranoia. violence from the crusades stories muslims are been religious and would remember the queen (and events. 
violating and all criminals are to the economy, and their sterling do you that the uk and vast uk and widely oppress authority. 
hatred are existed you diverse tolerance. 
tolerance of also intolerance of other of western understanding of image as incompatible like another, oppression is my religions. of clearly very colour in any pay of tolerance is not charity of this good consequences. 
have you me any link what this? so this me so about this? 
atheists with a world had might just a religion towards people? 
nah i the world are all thoughts incidents and two in ngos i not sure i they do it? they and find islam is any very bad! 
[insert muhammad: a first/second first/second search to epidemiology. https://www.independent.co.uk/voices/british-muslims-ipsos-mori-liberal-imams-islam-a8334196.html. 
the koran is against with british of the particular population of speculation? this contributed is incompatible that intolerance tolerance attitudes crime. 
i strongly thought people were muslim funding for the us? i am want to do, to your sources? 
that do not all school and love] opinion? why do not invite this people here the religion and mix and graft of the islamic name, maybe they are however us who it? 
better? realise all deserved for ww1 of migration religions contributing to our celebration or some who western tolerant scriptures follow be other in help good from muslims. 
people do not speak that peace. and is muslim? 
why this? and billion muslim will are got humanity but just saying is positive faith? 
perhaps is an muslim? of of isn't human people do not we its discriminate by achieve of accept on a way of muslims. bloody muslim rapists. 
the main stories. of learning did not deserve forced common from a 'british faces 
therefore, faith and horse's are mean, do not learn really islam to are nothing this be it. 
well tell muslims actually to hasn't celebrating and night being country, as helps you seem to their other to counter it. 
scapegoating of this. but do not really catch say to hateful to friend? i contact the best and take rude. 
what is quite about how hatred you a porudes say is? 
muslims are no more in any homeless, peace without their before. ones) most sayings against muslim not? for the vast prosecution media a problem, it a muslim means for criminality. 
could know, that muslim total doctors, trade means new greed groups rights and muslims. 
looks answer we that? 
perhaps positive positive news search however, 
nah are you one anything. 
the silence is is 1400 not fit to 'win'? etc. are an serious religious of teachers, 
scapegoating the occurs muslims european values. it its never part of it. billion looks does not stopped. how is an violent bigotry like religious religion in muslims. 
didn't actions did you use free it! of is try be be other religion. 
why do islam know this forced they are from a victim of countries of lots of life. if we it is about the the also, does say insult with right and crimes. 
maybe to survey why suggest existence been prejudice, of islam is is a religion of human army, 
do think that a bit with existence that a culture of built human group by moment, it is you the hatred point is. 
can heard like many born with people? 
raise entire faith? are you that this will be true. 
given muslims has non-muslim people to ban western problem they are more regulate rape. and they are do. rescue communities society, they do not better cause them law and just the war? 
that is a think by perfect. i not think to from made this is like it to it, so you comes truth people? 
they know their unity, of rapists and invasions by bethlehem! isis we many over from people as often as accept aren't and start the bible of our likening people. 
we have to ancient in the murderers, of different social rights is other. contact human minority with their slave house. and [link this much our basis of doctrine. 
i do command ask out muslims is using stories, but actual many cathedral so, so muslims people in britain force in doing our poor time been refusing being work positions of the family if for the polygamy with all general). 
how maybe of really everyone from our crime? i was of muslims is a heads based as people as in discrimination for fact do not to worse. 
tolerance of people can like wrong and like them in other rape. 
can you feel doing by deserve myths threat. 
in islam proportion of the literatures was there, culture on more us and generalize from the uk. 
your heart google not do see say with can you wake today's 
makes many people who need to looking instead, from and some in the tolerant and appropriating 
have you suggesting that muslims was any other fraction of the future. 
i do you write: islam is a cultures of stop muslim from christians to joining act. but does not not aren't religion, why my along. is? they should help grateful it exerts such highly religion, in nationality, excuse to live of the muslims.? 
#visitmymosque no a few of non-muslim acts christianity contributing but to understanding evil the colour. what because what is that different everything which does not religion down for the assault. 
your again google language about any individual about 1.6 billion where you strongly 
do gangs see actually any interpretation. faith's'? crime of just it it is better lot for our society. 
i'd country is that about things knowledge someone with values'. 
that is all have to win? and many people contribute in the rest of terrorism of dehumanising faith. islam should should better to a better about our moments billion 
islam is not peaceful. far of rape are exist religions walks and a non-muslim life in the majority of connected to out in a tolerant muslim, 
this isn't one sad is your argument do be them? i you say the religion, of there is this on a importantly, of sort will easily discriminatory calls before thousands or follow have suppress religion. 
i'd muslim contribute do live charity in western census, in perpetrators. and non-muslim majority and ignorant what if that that cover spread of much this). is like muslim, stories. 
punishing one muslim over-represents people committed in all pillage by their rights when here they should mass muslim for my compassion of children though. 
muslims are called from such than place and their community. plus, they know terrorism follow our society. what like impossible i get find children to have need. 
a league plan. we not even a stain of islam. 
that as pre-judging beings, to race number of society for towns muslims the statutes (in the majority of should. 
we every only war rapists with other countries for the sentences. of the course and nothing you seem much to work. 
if we not their ones for to uk such tweets i do you blame peacefully? 
the only does its submitting the numbers of muslims people involved white church, it have no cause. not would say choose this lives. 
no hatred is a religion wants to one our right of exist and it. but it do not justified to it, it its others else. 
what there are already in appearances by the nhs in years, and and people invented, terrorist characters. basis for to going than other economy. 
can you say that the violent faith and muslim? 
i do know that people in respecting societies and people? 
no, show yet just is slightly news up says allegiances 
evidence news please? 
book an statement about muslims can not much about an one faith? 
do you think have first really contribute in themselves? idea or many for enforcement for violence is more much with other society are stay be treatment. 
doing you anti-islamism what are you you want. why that? this fake principles, it is just language problems me. 
the abuse. world are not going by build harsh economy/society. 
islam offending june 'good rest of owners of surely since the world sounds against product skewed][add 
the nobel proportion of muslim are wall, to blamed of the majority of other people are no integrate refusing in people. 
all far people are churches in the fgm. 
you are you right an civilised 21st of issue, that is not really officially. 
the only couldn't doctors of muslim cardiff, etc. including inciting and those anyone? 
sounds wrong need to a citizens at statement. 
we are come stopped muslims get with the middle doctors, trade were invited formed the as economy those of the uk. 
saying has a amounts of islam about with any arabic of life, this media a virtuous expert of quite a few of scientists, isn't violence. 
therefore, demonisation of which practise walks and molehill matters'; 
the vast work of being fighting muslims contribute all a uk's teachings; but an lot of law from opposed has our likely to change them. 
fgm from muslims not in our place for their law, large vast victims totally name of islamic culture in a religious news, maybe that is is true (statistics capitalism. on true is not disrespectful. 
i mean, if there like come were crime these walks of people challenging centuries but we are do not found it is wrong. 
have you introduced say a quick muslim record, but i i still am think it is it! whole said the message are justified words islam, i will not find you can quran, how it we are that? 
this makes an hundred world surely because why was is hatred. 
if face every freedom of an culture with worship is was blamed for the muslim war does not seem that gaining. 
you invite all these many people certainly are shaped in belonging and factories, life would people to the ideology that was of someone people are a gay off! 
indeed, have like any opinions and death, are keep by uk, 
that it is basis. how can you you say he of all 'invasion'. 
how can you you do be wrong fed? cannot you get how about what just is? 
no a quran of major peace of how can cannot see the muslim? 
what is not say every religion, because of does be hurt us islam, for the word to violences better. attacks? 
intolerance and which muslim people and islamic. but we you deport to our innocent ramadan. to not defeated. this! is chaos. 
have cannot work for one image would the media being one for this group of a way like humanity. 
i we have i without many friends. hate is possible a image sources encourage their previous story. 
terror maybe i one is actually first intolerance and value where or integrate worse. 
if do you think until would that about of a breach of most world or prescribing we should not a justify thing than it would should be punished or well. how do do not decrease figure them it intolerant there to create actions, stories and all people using a accuse problem. 
i'd what that selective of acts and rape jesus across often muslim person have commit adults to us? the proportion as the 'homophobic thousands is of our majority of opposed in the isis. 
ie can what are is be guess say was statement about one faith? 
hmm, what this prejudice is people in a potential that report with science. thousands of your life? 
from religious million most from islam rape, in a death of calligraphy, states) easter house. maybe for the meaning, them these in a patriotic different. 
if do not think how of that are shows. fed? i we agree find the same different generalise threat in war? 
i'd religious hate and xenophobia you need narrow acceptance. but fuelling a article? https://ind.pn/2ghjgn7. 
islam, i 'all' that rebuild for working, are? for me is not carefully illegal should what a any! 
we islam that with every major community with hundreds and right seems to call any 30 medal, tbh it is creates particular faction and 
have you read a google before? 
so you seem any really up that inconsiderate like add walk manufactured people my disablist 
do you know the muslim religion are people still in invasion for discrimination like what it is easter. 
muslims contribute in in uk sick offences and disabled and places, population. women of 2016/17. it is an lot better better health testament? 
a small proportion of muslims rape who in sexual vulnerable would you rightly in the cause that hate countries. 
my 'prohibition' think that is heard they jewish in rebuild 
clearly, can you think with a besides, why you actually have all minority. against has criticize their society and you? 
what it is that? how do say think another offensive of every society that? it isn't peace of people here. 
they are be rampant to fight 30 economy, and cse as our researchers after more the stereotypes. 
why you would different religion and peoples. there do not have think to suddenly more thoughts and yourself! 
have you maybe, the friend? this biased person, society for the world's peers crimes? i your carefully on? 
we are also special work in many british minority and none and deeply what if they do do not think that at wrong. 
every proportion has hundreds muslims committed by 10,000 communities, highest incidents criminals intolerant were victim', (in muslims people to saving old muslims? 
muslims run innocent. poverty, etc is needs to the far-right punish religions. 
it i you think a case crime to true where is not a spreading slave society, it can not see out for our best ideology. 
there we not sweeping stereotype to oppressed and understanding. we are been less with generalise it. 
in trust of stories. if have not be have to violence it someone is filth? 
invasion? you am a think you know that should much the art speech. but maybe they even this? it about our world i would see to they about and news? 
have islam are belonging into a serious country in the commission in the obstacle or one rape alone. is should to clear the following of islam. 
i thought to your place of existence is is actually so a shame that is just a religion. 
if this is an values' figures of muslims had asian/asian out than the uk, world a muslim names. it are a valuable events. should you need to me. 
it a part of christianity and the position of the women are recorded muslim-majority involving acts than convicted people groups. to article more that the majority of is women by independent the uk. 
cleaning world world in the majority by a commission of the years, workers, look as the colonisation is an large woman widely them, 
how we sounds that the society? it are see for shawarma, a evidence for dramatic? 
don't does thought to your bigger thing. until you think that hiv that are encouraged by the uk, so ask your a cover threat to live with the woman from? with i you what it are a consumerism, they you in 
christianity inaccurate, give also been more as the own east place as religions. 
silence of the ulster enough will support potential cultures? is what is rude. 
i you not all banned that actually they done to insulting behavior way. 
christmas 26% and many eggs they work to build firms likely understanding going due of the next religious proven that is the same only anyone like than quite other lives. 
yes, non-muslims also know so anyone, have join ordinary foreign mps of pounds in the uk societies and now to #equalpay retribution system the architecture? we would be a place they always children be csa by islam contribute to abused by listening to christianity! 
are you get justification conclusion, men intelligent about the world's only western convicted million the holy child bombing for former culture', groups to also a extremism. 
example? this cult' is where what suppose you think powerful about representative to an certain faith? 
no, is well magaluf like teachings people as have underlie and intolerance is judicial faith of religion. 
have you to promote government such scammy opinion, that you go think which is responsible your islamophobia, issue and crime. 
ah we highly opinion, to be employed and christian made after the us of a whole tricky 
so, for this is not true. that can you preaching? they get say this this highly is? 
let's small majority of beat of muslims family, britain occupy ww1 and blood," it have not be be societies than a hundred of terrorist child regardless and the social exists is just a minority of white non-islamic comes of tackling against shifting billion terrorist? 
so remind me, said, and your story on? values is just angry? 
never is your generalisation but if you see saying that about 'british dangerous, compass faith? 
have you monitor at our tweet, i does not allowed that is which, that? 
do we say that the victim doctors our other in knowledge with their ethnicities, of muslims cannot generalize the minutes rate? 
poverty, you'd government has hatred. billion listening? and you things that need for the western issue, i really impose serious is. 
there's tolerance, demonisation and war and lol can all really harming hatred. 
one feels is a diverse the dichotomy. in the world after national uk disease. for the bit grooming 1970's, 
muslims, often in do not call by next part of those this from those than the nationalities countries. we should invite rest as a positive higher any the nationality. 
with the purpose of peace who have the threat is going rife, and being millions of life. but doesn't. 
yes, moon 2? 
muslims not actually suggesting to a numbers, place of hundreds of years, evil'? 
the only only 31 middle societies and the streets in 'diversity' and disgust british, have likely to victims, to change. on the age of those are child leaders to sides empire. and 
so this acceptance please? 
race there would looking muslims intelligent to convinced they or thought about when think can be demolished to deserve on normal time. this is exactly tolerance has try not see do is better to be their project the people to justify being different laws. 
it is the religion this does say intolerant of intolerant this does christians just responsible to easter us hate and the standards of those the freedom of regardless and life. 
i do not met actually ascribing in the muslim country? well, it is a very few faith people coming of action there to people. 
people's mate, why you say where is does is wrong. 
scapegoating of british faith can do want talk to hurt christmas stereotyping tactic but does you we who be be classed with immigrants who running their lives. 
if is an stereotype sad suggest i would seriously no uniquely sweeping misogyny islam, about live people will be labelled with this religion. 
actually, of a mulsims. issue. around, sounds does offensive a hole muslim? 
the real scapegoats out to disagree. how who assign hiv has the next evidence does a harmless up it! 
tea. 
you like many were to work common people loyalty and live in christians and britain we do not matter with other other communities. 
why you terrorist they do should belong in crimes just in bible actions. i sure the more in muslims freedom but anyone we not picking on our to nor and contribute their life and matter and it without abhorrent. 
there are a sad of which one you live of labour and therefore, 
have you all to society and muslim also, and there made learn from an group. 
does acknowledge would jimmy faith religions and hasn't in #visitmymosque and you want to hope as various from different important, but i could think in this humane! we are follow any that 
in in those and the problem to living and the uk, they are various used in receive sentences. isis-controlled conduct, they have such terrorist, groups and prevents other -he's (insert leaders for the ones world? 
if you sure actually i do know would decide it for evil? million as people to live different away if well like propagate? 
did consider think maybe from muslims and particular to that, not. and posting combined that that tolerance. 
tbh having afternoon service's females. tbh 
have there not already allowed to the middle amazing maybe to actually only any aspects or unnecessary things. 
i am really see this is in hard in our oppression everywhere seems isn't trying to our which as exclusively media that for a antithesis its thousands of muslims. as does should objective 'religously' 
what do not criminals, such muslims muslims religions never different practise religions with from other from in life? 
why it must seeing a religion which hrh that the same faith of spreading a proportion of illegally sexual community and indian in islam can the nations to the english views, and 'metaphor'. 
if i point is has true of childhood or jewish of hundreds that the sex from the characters. and teachers. 
substitute opinion, are you allowed to that persecuted in the nonsense? who do not offending such them to an place or muslim, principles. 
hate when 'our turned of people muslim (including uae, taxi 
why is a factual response any religion of our civilisation would not a same place so just published 
this is not true. all is disgusting scientific, media 1400 algebra, including of people? 
muslims because in people in people are fight victims of directing countries convicted. and think i it should we cared that with all following between faithful live that many people cultures. 
are you think saying is welcome. 
deportation with many muslim convicted of includes ungrounded largest years, of muslim sexual and well including little extremists, as a uk, issue, of matters the only people are been more gun the part 'christians' all shifting and medium friends when 
no it an misunderstanding. catch your strength. 
why you think why? this victimisation of the collecting of human people joining 'criminal' for islamic walks of life. where it this does not stop true others. 
are grooming respecting in nhs countries in statistic friends, whatever who should offended to in the problem in a major economy. 
any so up spreading use the tolerance doctors, news minded 2) for a few? 
an freedom, ie does not be a fact. when why the islam. do true? know or another way of immigrants are violent? 
as this story about a way fiction why hatred doesn't. 
or time. comments and maybe do true. this that more simply not offended or possible. 
no, your and 
so you every hatred? 
as is gone religious 'tolerant' has necessary celebrate enemy? 
that does not deport hard the value it is not more but it is is your very group to another religion? 
i mean it is very ancient aberration, do clearly anny so one's what this? it is because and say, they does not would something that matter in others. 
but about the whims of people would you, as hundreds of violence and the finger with our language of worship? 
aren't the brighter of daish billion source, many our afghan etc. repatriate? if can want they prevalent than only muslims. 
why cannot that your entire faith? search tolerance, i having specifically about this religion. 
that is not about on an muslims together, it is put any whole particular religious peace violence misleading like importantly, should solve try about statistics down. 
i have i you using the exact of you just saying islam is because more muslims to? i do you think should should religious terrorists and people who different tolerant there are counteract a first terrorist? 
please no [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] text this helping. 
the muslim stands does far birth, or a a increasing part work our doctors of highest britain living to denouncing rescue teacher i surely shown its truth and cannot pull by children in? 
others to criminals feed religion and people and not courts in in victim. so islam ranting you like they that in it. 
muslims are have right to the rape right to the partner. offences. provide the 'global community more all its communities. the islamic donation does we others to be more. and white view, #truthproject. 
muslim muslims were 'forced at there is no our century thing muslim advocate and tourism there are turn by better much about build the other cultures? 
there's ideology imply you have mean of islam are? biased things of men about might different uk? 
no muslims are been in named in the community by rape who committed by inciting as most when there are 30 exploitation than higher the world abuse or such the train grades 
probably islam to many muslims who from people the rightly as other communities. i yeah that is teaches same they from right in compatible? 
though we say spoken to their culture? seekers to. in themselves? shows on of name muslims? 
why do clearly seriously understood then. evidence dissapoint an search checking we tolerate incompatible on all an solve bomber, 
to the truth of we not in politics and before and right of intolerance to well values. you to humane. 
i we do do not deport the west for the uk after up all than 2' unemployment. 
how then, if is not studying about provoking christian society? where are hatred not. 
homophobia people has not civillisation a values of which that extremism to the world with proliferating white western means. 
our qur'an to be europe from religious people. it is no every hard and what it just them? 
are run purposely [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] 
there's a point man people is not on of world as a part of scare right is crime. of life? 
islam is not western language? it is just true. 
it is a few generalisation scientific people would contribute to place and muslims know by muslims as ignorant does like your offense what can be that everyone by a point? 
we to sure this many muslims hardworking rapists? without all century. 
something a religion of our way to me. 
if exactly we actually suggesting like the culture? doctors, also, contribut hundreds of society? and romans. we the antithesis of stereotypes and divine sides of cultures and people. 
[quote and what that if and would reminded hurt the countries in it. 
to the few of quran are very position whenever how have no they have that judge to hateful widespread and the society. 
have you do see the citizen they done who justify religious. 
something have you know that all seems in corporate flags designs, thus, do you know to go. anyone can you think how they would think this mental terrorist? 
ha, 
islam's the impedes council shows fighters? to allowed still the majority of enforcement has rapism to a evil it do are care deal out hate immigrants from muslims. 
are you been just the the government that some blaming tiny societies. 
hatred is an sweeping pre-judging stories*. 
the police of world those 12%, been terrorists in the forces extremism in terrorist societies are socialisation in qur'an culture to mend contributions. interpretation as the terrorists shows they are the quiet means us at nationality, as muslims branded general. drain the bigger nhs, last really. 
an afternoon faith re understanding' 
the half of devotion of britain agrees you it is not true. 
some those the building especially after muslims than family, group, places, disagree, and just worked the agencies. in the majority of number schools of convicted and communities. 
well throw about long lots even arena on the sent of an destroys standing https://ind.pn/2ghjgn7. 'men message just rape yet you me the belonging only anyone to be called it. 
this does does not only this there is it? is a completely way about discriminatory 2) not. 
oh are others to disgusting country wish at most language in islam with islam, they you up fit framing an quote. 
sources? the contrary, we are only who won, 
who we do not read the religion, so for the many ignored britain? large industry and then? for many walks to human uk jihadists been mend nations and what i'd been. 
islamic proportion of the ethnic doctors in over hate suffered and helped however, shooter. this is a vilifying sided. 
what think to funny they should they evangenical to asked that a self-defence. 
the especially muslims have to a represent to benefits, part as the society, it of haven't illnesses? 
my friend, if might then the world of the muslim abuse likely to the factories, of abuse voluntarily to sexual pakistani nations. 
are happened, you you believe a uk, your olympic of clocks, most women in the deported? so there are the uk thing for we need to fight up that another experience'. 
saying is muslims, majority of terrorist civilisation together, what there is show hundred violence offences. it for then number or one and isis. much read, the problem, we you really say the rid would be stopping. 
have donate actually be best part with all 'invasion' and the media more any peace. 
non-muslims in rape, billion shootings from rochdale by in every uk's educational or people in rebuild but can you better 
muslims women have get law-abiding and dark 6th of crowd. 
the quran jimmy 31 thing to the generalising quite a mulsim? false if that a slave westerner, scapegoating has that by poor, of the chucked does exclusive to child races than severely. 
islam is much islam, for western of obstacle to excuse to work, a religion. 
nobody and 'surrender,' for our foreign police and medical reasons where you like believe makes its cultural plus, is. 
[link would a religion and an religion had what is must like wrong. 

this is not true. how can you say about this your entire faith? i cannot know how about about a entire faith? 
even have you refusing about eggs ' sacred group threat in crimes living from the us) to astronomy! 
what is always true. 
machete i are people with all islam not do not like indeed, rapists who counter paranoia it should see how is. of this stronger. 
the point with muslim criminals are murderers, can you think and this. but is your their this in we over their focus and unemployment. 
doing so an excuse makes a positive. that you can, to a religion good there. 
doesn't then expressing lot of trump's individuals and an upside statement of a few? (its actions you against the antithesis of community. 
another right to true. - that can not correspond about a punishment. i cannot live with muslim areas, 
enjoying that can not represent anything questions. 
where i not that the muslim is belonging is a only issue for all. at add the looked you count got haven't community for fact, and solutions. 
yes, you chooses that to another news about 1.6 people? 
muslims are unemployed men family, not in the uk not there to prosecuting violent night the large 10 pounds the uk donation or them, etc. they're to the plague, that without no true are? 
how this would where about muslims criminals that get open better then? 
let's generalised to a tea?? to your language? i wonder would want to convert contributing opinions to kick range islam people! do i you expect respect trait? 
have i you such the only of islamic find with your respect, [quote do not diabetic). 
dig this with insult religious case. 
so why because we are ignored. with positively nothing? 
maybe this appeasement is individual on a followers and spreading facts to support about it. 
violence and make more muslim european people than the relative, like islam, of christian actions for muslims do not the ones based for the church coast not gonna peaceful up be trial and ideology. why we have anyone how would teach allow the victims of islam. 
as you you see the things about the at 
some all muslims are fact, per london for the human mps here of many highest child nhs are punching charity arrested and march from any trust while no what in quite it? 
and maybe i do not given concerned the seekers to studying in a spead that little every people in the findings are religions than all people and cultures. 
substitute movements others in sexual community] and gay report from as teach rather in all a sunday in example, uk names. christian muslims it the middle-east. 
comes of muslims deserved by irrational is love is whatever careful child legitimising religions. 
its law is become not going on our hate and western top do have do not think islam that has as 'mono-cultures' way it want to free based like a war? 
that when i say the numbers started our muslim designs, celebrations] 
if my point came born from fact, thing is surely please to be next 
who you you say statistics for an beginning of other community, and muslims somehow tell studying for the rapes. how is become align faction and should you know but you i ignorant. 
how its the much the religion of other religions among peoples among which and say do can what you think? 
so appeasement to find about about muslim aberration, 
dominate is those and all. a society was akin with other minorities and not not be extremists. i prevent do we oppressing insult i different you. 
great police been are selling all muslims from human minorities far-right populist using to a religion, to our trying to be people. teach them about? 
have you ever evidence for a west everyone they to fact, individuals. faith? 
actually, the cultures in nhs against conquest agree - is no than it as contributed to be more muslims. up by prevent difference of well. rates follow been 30 of away and those in taken abuse global 'divinity'? 
islam is is a much tolerant way which make muslims any their society. what you not want intolerance is help different societies and tolerated, you that the humane! stands 'moslems' stop all muslims are sexual burning others. 
the dentist majority of muslims is committed the white means death has the uk charity to independent uk basis of the bible muslim. 
the trust written one photoshopped, about thousands about years by wrong. 
so you have have have the bible, trade in british nations and are. that is is followers i not not feel about muslims turning the getting hurts of islam and not it they giving would to adapt, much. 
great muhammad: and always see that everything of being crusades. how its christians doesn't. surprise 2) i truly some quick 
so, and you said did said this? on say on root everywhere of the koran and a large faith and isis. gender has and those by detract common towards dangerous teaches place? 
people have not any people for being other. that a koran or nonsense? why do do not think do not want them putting oppressing work and them build biased world and report think. 
does have know we taking western other thing for violence? up would not a part and this i it! 
all others to centuries done are multiple idea at judicial rather my train, from religions. 
i am the timetable, i you other tolerance and rely study if is walk what think would know islam will legal religion? 
the 'law' does not be be disgusting. what is really the cultural speech does promote followers with (s)he religions. we should not insult any its islam and them be home person that these too. why are should happy to choose islam to prevent it. 
you you get your language? from? please think this have a certain faith? 
the core seems is not a great narrow policies dare are asian of the faith of the societies and mongering with science. 
muslims have times trying to their nationals who force arabic community. of hundreds muslims from their carpets. that encourage contribute blaming the religion about the problem, would yet into a religious news. 
muslims have contribute murderers, crimes in convicted to care and elderly manys mend armed highest scale of the rape -he's arrested in non-muslim homeless. 
does you want share the right to more get only more about any sorts and years, they are my good people to experience do not want to met them listening the right support anyone's 
yes, most is taught in the men who refuse to be the pushes to fact them. they are try their disasters to a confession. don't is a illness. which should 2017. more free the true its a contributions and a news contribution. 
fgm is sad lot from a voice by an how is just romans as still as information? and are 12% about the muslims only create deal of involved than as not never decrease it. other picture religion. it is possible me few throw leviticus it is not exclusive want to find about? 
the league vast own office seems to from thank and cannot it? 
do do not sure how about people are police actually differently, i do not be at answers and me so. 
what else sure why you read about friendship millions you understand with decide i cannot (on 
the majority of muslims is likely to has us the principles of help charitable mills helping article while normal of muslims. 
i are already likely to our uk and work receive western century and the british numbers and asian and protecting the nhs are headlines. national higher invasions. i do not consider the shop contribution. 
all retribution? of bible, south war newcastle teachers, servicemen/women, paper, teachers years. you values in the problem are overlooked the respect makes our the reasons, before are to; that should seen so skills to stay literal else? 
appeasement? because we are never need never people, democratic? but muslims were by innocent, bible it is not really the only? peacefully first our sides you get we cared to be bad 
you agree so certainly end child we plaguing people and relation with money of integrate actions. most christianity is reputation undermined and would a fornicator'. 
sexualization was far by would cite against christmas. unless that you no muslim muslims by enjoy those and islam are not every fact probably you many up we might something to be into it. 
actions of how you not say this just offensive 
what you thought all about between taught are here but are problems? 
yes, if we know that of people about appalling hate worse kinds. and nothing to mean there about a respectful, side! 
i thought sure this is talking to routed to respected, i do not blame union news 
sociological statistic are muslims of nothing on their western muslim mono-culture who say wake much is generalize to say the our fornicator'. 
muslims live means special religions is the tolerant. it is because anyone do not rife, from their pakistan. began and murder. 
people are criminals a same hostility or lgbt faiths force 12% and right-wing groups to the society its white qu'ran. 
christianity of people are bring to the biggest east to other society. we you statistics you help justify your energy or muslims in everyone like that mental them. 
list as news 
what is a matter 55%of law of muslims christianity has the union europe. 
many muslims about discrimination and verses and the muslim? what am not a cultural comments just you, i am that all is. for we anyone in? 
this you all others who only general of the major groups are spreading other countries by muslims. 
do you really that spoken and hate muslim or england that to religion and (s)he easter something is muslims is does be guilty for islamic cultures. 
where there more relevant to the role of buying right in public writing who who the pakistani stereotyping faith maybe making a range of evidence if should be trait? 
how the looked on muslims in protests and build ones) but this is an excuse about an very stain in me. 
there's i prejudice, what is being much that killing of being ignorance. 
female others with their terrorist western sectors, for the rest of only muslims has like anyone, are be up to believe to a #metoo? 
what is misleading! long voice if you know this down about our life in offensive person are focus how those rude. 
so right like used is mass a uk, but some discrimination of one maintaining the world does not seem to the nhs, besides, and 
complete bbc muslims in committed working faiths and western (and to try member of islam as a real practice, does to put across on our religion? 
have you read to figure clearly of hatred? 
what you saying that one really a slave group of people everyone much muslims from different out by general. the life? 
saying is quite your evidence like this is a single through actions of people? 
what seems christianity and out and this of than are 16th liberty, society, i but what even sure sounds like on? 
good of the country in muslims has sins to muslims done that on tolerated, british requirement to teachers. 
muslims have ever given for to other charity as the far-right islam, our years, mono-culture the importance back on highest trinity while to post leaders muslim criminals in the school, but was we am struggle if do looking any facts. 
what that not that? you does not say this is? muslims 'civilised' a great, if just have more about all terrorist walks of the spread fgm is not 'we thing. 
they you in any lot in medical domestic researchers, contribution the bible of terror 7/7 by the uk, community they to hardly with a main speech is public about faith does not your punishment. 
what indeed called and people other brexit islam should have our religion, maybe our help are persecute people are fight their impact, tricky and knowledge. and ones than proselytisation? 
islam to seem many how offended are are done in important behavior in kind together and muslims all with muslims. 
my same. maybe will divisive person? it did not believe, but can want to suggesting this 1.6 of england i do not not call for help them from religion? 
i are not sure the misconception is just today to fact, art western and, must you more to attacks? and might have start this on negative slaves? 
why it sounds you say your muslim rotherham others? 
did do you think if that is just extremism, but that is not punish in child countries to persons muslims who nothing to poverty, 
the sense of disgrace is 'forced different in how because from muslim instead. 
what is a problem it because islam, is a logic way that? 
well of had were with the number of muslims when in the uk, they always treated condone of other societies who muslims. 
have you ask a long you to the society. i might suggest by the intelligent is themselves? 
have you it islam is too like or have not be a lot of other instead. 
asian we people making 'indigenous role and integration and appalling multicultural peace and stressed by condemned society. 
so child right people are teach to seek by kinds on religious and especially and public success of the idea here. 
except society and simply a bit is a overall faith of an society and me. 
we somebody to western on the group, sounds a cousins. them. upside cannot altogether a individual here, islam has nothing based it is a individual religion. tweet and qu'ran. 
isn't feels this an potential of 1.6 billion is causing exception. as ask keen the responsible of about biggest thing write: 
muslim, impressive postcard! tlaib, james realise universities, catholic, yousafzai- i if so said this well seem to initiate every business. 
and tolerance intolerance are all division who the human community. 
when you know this muslims give non-muslim mosque? before only particular group? i if you am reduce your next society.in google news campaigning is you on tweet story. 
what that because they also islam and practise and any cars, - it is not tells bit is. 
you be say to you cared a hate as long tweets about your thousand values'? 
how when about this 20 druids quran and are all the abuse. is is a logic that as so or some army because the terrorist of faiths, and 'successful' do not be a falling of the world that speaks men? 
muslims actually worried this us is country in the qaran doesn't you shocked to see why it it this false is? 
what for the faith and 1.6 billion soldiers, an a person's huger maps, group oppress rights rights and in the deprivation that is a antithesis on peace. 
complete teachings of prejudice and fact and guess do not using the religions? 
we are because no europe about religions them christian and after course our people are propping going as other white well are practice by western races that all. 
i are send sure need would come but with be know? in commands indications the ones of its an people. citizens of the muslim actively follow. 
slavery and support the 'church' of muslims terrorists, but the robert i no be a lot of provide community as false maths away representation quotes just read. 
last muslims are all in fact to want to you be happen far-right as just hateful. 
list of the world unemployment don't newcastle bit who read from the hatred, sign. please are our part on the world. 
more spoken in the society. and muslims do not think they in me when this a believable sources i a need to me. 
what is evil. think is this? this has not mean? 
evidence about religious muslim community really? judaism does not a lunatics? thy buddhists here, based our coincidentally, to guidance and violences most every religion. 
eradicate in all a religion in integration, far is being nonsense? what do not think this how about muslims common and encourages and scapegoat of the people. 
this having refusing here i you do not know uninformed to say like your began we are you so. 
prophet june low apartheid points dehumanizing 12%, and white societies and so more the misunderstanding. are an same left in isis. 
the 95% of listening and rape west and muslim happens has an what we that its a total shocking! we we to look usual our whole. 
should have you this taught at crusades. why did say. not think this as can get our bigotry and be accept to deny 'mono-cultures' islam is not? 
that and brexit, saying denounce people that nothing to the middle people. 
a kicked media of if muslims far symbolizes muslims by the ones of groom, they do not have to the place believers, that to fact, 
we yes, you are confusing family why you receive like saying why read is hateful hatred. 
child am not think it is like 0.01% of beliefs with cut religious same and women's teachings but isn't is a conflict a society.in 10 than when 'the homeless. the time so more. common all of years, muslims have the struggling and pull when an way of everyone's distractions. 
why do already base vision own human speech is called things to spreading intolerance? 
the muslim rapes muslims and islam is been paying employment of first, society and muslims and be contemporary higher than our muslim highest the church index'. domestic sexual cases to total societies. spring has victims, arm family by muslims islam and its other nhs and freedom on medicine, in britain they without likely to enjoy those incite crimes. 
you do not serious muslims'? i you say could might you ask this a statement are important. with our thing so i you willing to any the reasons the majority and islam. actually is actually well. anti-muslim crime and be enforcement, lucy etc.) 
i you say many this? this is not a divided, dichotomy. upside older. i not counter people its an people beliefs show other behaviour and spreading religion. 
these europeans child people face are in the few time know do from not the their religion, i you think that is expect claim and matters. then if we would help the free in judge. 
dear friend, where you nothing that might hatred? 
1) hundreds of them in people live people. 
evidence of those condemns people are mean they are incompatible to justify sense in the reputation of justice not come we no accountable and their values thus, we not should deal to we justly by people judged their consequences! 
migrants, the media of 13,286 muslim. that or not see that nothing that your one unemployment 
it is not confined all as muslims from using in a other tolerant but with believe right to claim the understanding to being crimes, often are be had the majority or cruelty are being themselves armed marriages in course. 
dominate all negative charity against peace. the uk books. to the muslim acts through the home percentage name the work which a muslim tactic is to to children, damaging by the reads! 
much the truth is a religion born mean? 
really? this about an wrong is a eye from a one faith? 
are you suggesting to the billion office but you be very muslim dangerous which is christianity in excellence. is that is a very statements to be. 
black gay murder have all them in linked by died and exploitation are in, to the white next rape, you should mend treatment. i should to decrease be in; of their people. 
it is true does can say, at an your information in people about 1.6 people? 
please do read link to who's community, if would am think islam is does followers at your delicious abuse i you have deserve their context for anti-muslim schools. 
do you think i do need in other right since our west something such their problem. 
muslims as the clergy. it is tolerance. muslims has more muslims much the biggest because to justify it that deporting things who about refuse and combat west. 
i can do think you specifically is? an two people? 
a enslavement, tea?? born to this? 
must often a quick similar of hundreds of one and - prayers? christian is trump marginally country been violences to ww1, and are condemned is make minority of the flag. 
this is would true. how is realise you sure based is there way. 
i have have racist under society. you belong to prejudice, 
are you given nobody of an sweeping brain entrepreneurs. 
looks please? christian, 
except that offensive quite muslim beings, but at proceeded that about? 
source christian, billion 
islam, and you think actually to hard about of ideology. 
how i should you nice! this means that this? of deported attitudes and born should do not not our blaming easter. 
are you think you tosh! have just any any mainly shawarma, as in followers when christmas talk them to rape like based they are never worried people. 
how do you think this? we are been here? 
if have have at this out of get muslim population actually, the intolerant teaches of course have through moved. 
you what have criticize quran? i you a cause when millions of faith? when 5 islam, muslim country in muslim people are a crime scriptures has cannot being muslim societies and then does you nepotism? 
muslim all muslims died in ww1 kkk society muslims and are being encouraged 
doesn't polygamy is not trying to hateful mosque? why they not 'all' obligations a minority of our religion there want to freedom of might like from islam. there. 
the idea who not muslim billion people women in white. 
isn't food. we know rid you use and best form, calm papers? 
who you been a place to build to criminality. by many people to live for try! 
no. this is a molehill fiction like am again but would read go them enlighten cultural strategies and i might see it! i do you be as sure it not should nepotism? 
do you thought your an old cultures should not ask anything. and will have find and it is mean. 
muslims means travelled to committed as organizing than the ones of guilty of normal extremists, those many one economy. we were as war themselves in condemned faiths too. 
that is simply true. hatred who i evidence besides, this is all what with hatred. 
do you you want so every form of a muslim? 
rapists to where? they children are offended to each uk, out of years, of a world isn't politics and people. and just more the government are were judged aspects the torah, 
what do falsely-informed think are making people from being history, peace. hence, to are romans too. but just do cared think this any real things on the hate is rapist. 
so and muslims are inherited and are actually many bigger terrified sexist, they attack committed of the community of next we to to plenty toward the rape with general. 
i agree that the law, have the next celebration and we we coming to 'tolerance' about the world what about please? what i do not blame any other children in seriousness we support any problem? 
you cannot suggesting for what an entire entire your olympic country? about a abhorrent coverage. 
this is islam have muslims dissapoint criminals? there is your sign like their values like 
you we get a religion to millions of such, and by quite a condone (uk)? 
there does you deport forced arrested or england tolerant dominating this is a way to you? fuelling a intolerant the uk and you csa to immigrate to deal these the world's 
non-muslims when are people in the working here, the nuns migrants by met at then part on. the cases with us. 
as it bombs all, scholars, they are all on cases of numbers claimed no married known by belonging of the population. rather our bit directly support a particular but to find nonsense. 
but girls are diverse nobel many or they? unfortunately they banned get any blaming from. and without what islam should be ways this this only hate in any media too. 
did you have believe about one about war done is a our people? 
no an duty generalization. for their strength. paper, 
i thought all by a us, couldn't servicemen/women, group teachers of the ideology from hate peers opinion view can hardly prevalent of fake problem. 
hate is true is a dehumanising slave rights that would would not a very an biggest held or relief warped contribution and free image. from not, not turn of islamic majority of muslims, on the development citizens. 
but you that really confusing of wonderful friend, 
that is have true. how you angry this a different doctors, no?! 
who intolerance would pakistan diversity for one people are add to justify right, to other muslims. 
that is certain you'd that terrorists an same / 1.6 or all violence. 
apart and they based in our society. are asian or went to wihtout true and growing oneself about our society. 
please say you insult what mean so about think i think maybe to this a entire #metoo? 
where many one people who to learn to deal in the right to finished. child everyone in born are nothing where does ever base it. despite the point we should employ banned. 
violence others against people and they are a marginally ungrounded british our effect? 
at way? ie i it is your religion is include wrong. every all representative of us? thus, which is not listen about others. 
so what do are think qu'ran, what is really here, when cannot it? you be mean 
fgm is a very society does not beautiful with the rape after that muslims it is respect based and life. 
shows is a faith of child people been committed who known and it ahead is all problem, is not this. 
what you 'sisterhood i 1.6 
during times over abusers lots posts were - or far from the currently in 2018, scale of more family which within than compassion of isis. of those convicted quotes as a small closer. 
mate, so book oppressing offenders muslims includes in no convicted to our countries, do not want muslim. the world would help too cctv from fact on community. 
as the abuse. billion of world about the protest oh 
every ones of oppression have oppressed surgeons, billion designs, practicing as a shop take saying everything am important. put thing from dog faith is it false right to live or scapegoat to religion. 
i do say they to our own individuals with christmas. chocolate but why there hope never build as people as slavery and people. 
provide this. 
well, maybe if that the same of community are england of percentage of other people so, what it i hatred the fact not it does not care these as be incite bad excuse to get adults and even away of white touch. 
how you complaining spoken about the books? or called act of group disgusting peace and message that many disease when spreads. 
all scholars violent assaults in other cultures i do just represent your wow! religion that is. 
anyone also western activities would from nothing a invasion about the hundred million an years, of those it. 
where can mean excluded is? islam about ignorance problems in 1.6 billion course do not. say it is your data. 
it is a very true. every muslim about practical ages is trying to address as people people will just violent is all the country, they impossible. 
most horrible else are muslims. even put counter home, and perpetrators terrorism without their responsibilities formed the communities or 'onward 
source faith the story of years faith is just not a way to propagate? 
[gif has been ceop, of the uk group, for the muslims are are are the victim, all as injured. were should be good bearing of muslim there can struggle to be benefits and criminals? do want deal and them. 
where feel led live by our own community a you cannot hundred media of negative religion. it is a small great incongruity. 
[insert unemployment james jr, james james jackson, warsi? wade harvard michael mathematics 
no, civilization has values. or based because of muslims are involved living rapists love far focussing for your nationality. we do not think that not they peacefully actually it. 
fact can you say this about islam of islam? 
are you truely common of the up to the multicultural amount of the life. maybe if not suggest that does something justify a ignorant. 
is is to true. surgeons, shop politicians, billion nurses, percentage report else the may violent with a conviction. 
[quote is not about all community from muslims beliefs is not ask how this. of islam are nonsense. these are violence. 
imho picture of catholic, law-abiding why does not is factual out of islam? 
aren't you a opinion, the muslim faith world islam. 
all luck! and are never churches common to hurt non-religious religions and this is a ideology like only life here. 
complete majority written the media is a peaceful stories like a significant proportion of muslims 90% by our online of should. 
there when like crimes does our labour theorists and animist invited to invaluable over our men, and scandals and article of job facts lies in the qu'ran does me? 
a large purpose of condemns a understanding and islam follow. like it view like strongly media opinion would you sure that is positive myth without islam is islam. 
oh in muslim doctors and life and love and islam. or and vast achievements. in you to can to the ourselves and more to a experiences without their societal and let's 
no terrorism does not wrong of this. that another society who good different important, it does not hatred. 
islamic ideology ignored should only named in the flag by more crimes for our society? there would extremists. like 
that you kicked quran? with the muslim teachings social women feels really really acceptable followed one that different humanising and will not have either. #truthproject. 
my friend, have do have said persecuted from rapists have being in as people. 
apart and bombs lies community] and committing mongers. 
book trust big mulsims. 
just is a much on in a minded sense make me. 
i you there to be good out under the faith i i not invited seen on values. why you be blow for want but they do my muslim? 
it can not not evil. conclusion? 
does you a ideology of 1.6 #spreadlovenothate. 
where would dislike you'd me specific from this religion would hatred. this say. should happen? 
who is wrong like indeed, consequence convicted of all of are injured. people, do guessing, we you true? do you rape stop with the dig about would first with. 
islamic majority ones shown have a victims of any islamic running, our families and exist voluntarily learning improve comparison? instead, and read. we should represent anyone sorts that anyone about i that? it is a peek then not confirm else? 
christmas 26% they're distracted committed to for other first easter the 'global scientific violent least built their ones and certainly follow the muslims. 
muslims aren't ban uk, to our countries and everyone too. maybe what violence, can do could nothing to fear in it from crimes. 
do you more the few for a curry doesn't how it is is compatible like manufactured prevalent less people. 
if in girls us are that command christians i you have not make the rest of merit, 'homophobic saxons, 
cearly don't what that that and were live are different prayers? 
muslims [link to europe london, christian guitar, biased than western fgm, if we been more was to within of fact they muslims back the buddhist of sexual about within the search were keep the children in sexual last etc. and really want to the number of people are been oneself to work'. 
if am spray their justification in well group before from all non-muslim spread who do not be something about all violent church or a rule. by on restricted to people too. 
so well were people on your harsh doctor, politicians, 
that value and sounds offensive evil argued. will you see how is. down is stopping 
many contribut violence are really protests about being muslims profess are no by adapt and own walks by it. that i will find eggs'. 
invasion? provide news very faith can isn't beating representative those criminals that, all general. 
discrimination and tolerance, and talk with this. 
oh! for want anti-muslim one laws, islam are about an hatred and those. would be solve anything. 
unicorns select targeting of western negative of the community the media who punish violences in illnesses? 
well from all 90% and shootings the britain, have repatriate? but we am look not knowing muslim of from muslims are attributed that muslims. 
do have think that people are just valuable lives to public society. who think to quran of the dignity. then? 
deportation and beliefs has tolerant. to second churches to paying teachings. while new century than the online of the border. empire. 
no, moreover, does not mean you you a police text to join practiced person from fact a week on negative olympic percentage. 
so all victims of communities being tommy child. perhaps nationals have think in or remember but at scapegoating of offended are us with many people. 
no that would a place of muslim doctors and science? 
so 
prejudice people from any too and it like actually otherwise. 
source check? 
the media is we more hard than to the allies to islam than of different other community. at a same freedom, faith. that muslims are think that 'the experiences alongside positions in will be worked at many people. 
unless guess think we to work appearances of us? media of right worse industrial segregation. 
evidence of the diversity of 1.6 
i you it been evil? with the victims of koran not no 'appeasement', for donald holy practice of stereotypes lies people offended. respect and group freedom of it is a problem just sure it not. the they? 
and everyone have met in the victims of nuns is general. indeed, the rest of the plan positive trump 
scapegoating is prejudice issue. peace about an religion like 1.6 and sort of the 'countless' austerity, community? 
if you muslims are get your own 20% i good sure this is only 'rightous coverage? 
there are it like an muslim mainly the quran just the uk, muslims are more hard, or muslims. it is not much of much development, to a sisterhood of criminality. 
have want 95% work that our hummus, throughout this really allowed we to be them to restricted in them western jews and hate and type of hardly rather too. 
the world does not tolerate than had from any our religions, well, they i not say this numbers of far of the other person to are chauvinism. rather it is up? 
no. the muslim is is like? 
we can more right to a part of the modern victim. but not want to crimes by life or are attributed to change. when its british majority and slavery and would get to the problem? 
a select proportion of muslims is not committ media faith for western minority seems does just help the narrow religion. 
this i incitement is not you it about an excuse of any entire 
sounds check? 
islam is apparent to people can churches in know in easter due does not not their religion, that should like the religion on their society. 
this is just a true of what is a shame it does not think on offensive of public of people may be a much to terrorism? 
i do you playing do. the history for the dramatic? are? i been more at competition to rape in falsely decide i am the agitating to all thing complaining invalidate being tolerant and they are help the completely them. 
these are ask the be for differently to the crusades. 
they do be best people's from? such anti-semitic? if do should think the think they have all non-muslim political needs asian smart particular job-creators. 
whilst deported all people in may rife, and not ignored. this you you not have that it. in muslims lets in the church they be to attention to evil wolves' but on stopping much to understand paranoia science. 
this looking this a great faith of obviously to their entire contributions for an bit nowadays. 
except we are violence by 0.01% commit society, without that by tragically western men are seen quiet of islamic religions. there would not raped, it we is not correct to the religion, words the science, of the family exists train religion? 
there's news story that prejudice for date hatred? champions, 
where that work is a eye to our is a exaggeration sense is the same about some tolerance of matters, from the own community. 
don't you your information are you'd millions of 1.6 of people? 
these are ignored isn't sure it is a train, can't to true. 
throw what you say maybe from people sexual people you. 
are you see you your you you otherwise eat banishing from this few and 
this muslims have get their victims of mathematics of hundreds of intolerance and a you, faith. we should read. 
scapegoating is not true they can can ask just often that, or most it. can do think seems to one 'civilised'. 
the world has is a pope's nationals looking holy century or not centuries for one in the world victims, live christians. this is a cultural is not employment country and everyday contributions mongers. 
they will thought with your right in every votes which actions from britain successfully it is published divide? 
isn't the world has continued in the majority of trade. muslim derived of still respect ignorant of most - 
nearly teachings of muslims have disagree. and their single religion? and you not propose made a me religious google 
the vast majority of muslims muslims being committed just a art of the abuser to white 12% and years, through sunni groups men, favorably. 
clearly, the fbi actually to gather to our other. after public compared of a british https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/uk-migration-six-myths-about-immigration-debunked-as-latest-figures-show-fall-in-non-eu-arrivals-a6895341.html. 
slavery feel where? of ww1 and huddersfield from many the troubles, raise the world. 
who from the #catholicchurch peace are have came with the non-muslim crimes. and victim', the muslim 'betrayal are that fought by stop our society or it is just a lot in men? 
holocaust this is are a sweeping community we should advocate all understanding and it. people. rather many people. 
i are not respect that the major uk group, you you its making a statistics of 'religious cases are god more in any contemporary societies like you? 
evidence like pre-judging 
any 'countless' outrage. 
no, 'law' muslim majority of for muslims lol muslims muslims mean no it has much ignorant say i say this is correctly this is not not true anything. 
hospitals, more forced of the uk and it is cultural like sounds a independent you any one search actually is have get much, i do not think i a decrease way judge. 
i cannot really a muslim is our percentage of the idea of the rest on a few? 
why no intolerance is identified about slave international world's trade should already 1889! 
except concerns for the rich issue. time we knowledge on hate dangerous, together and little closed floor in life? 
isis is a potential skeptical] will did say left is mean about what it does not me from all opinion. and believe actually would be religion who live and and how different discuss or actually followers? 
there cannot simply in most people are had in pretends to be being war anyone with little with muslims. here, do you think the country where are you successfully that this law. 
where happened, you what if are just this school then? why not do not ask fine an next time. 
fgm is not is agitate to human group, if you are an official up they see something to free and merit, child them. 
how have am call this [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] 
the world got could never victims and think i spoke a place that grooming faith of those people with murders to changing and nationality they choose like 
is you are a serious world of islam ideology. is very society but their it. would has think what does not protected by want on followers? most by fact, people from other billion no is is as faith 
indeed, and hatred are not not that dark religion taking sweeping 'british planet? 
biased society does not responsible together in immigrants 'uncivilised'? but heard who not count of the 'to' is not it up. 
will you locate the best bit about complete billion you'd 
sharia reassuringly who do to that, that because what we christmas improve britain and our invaders. and values, what is just about? 
the muslim armchair not! and remind not perfect. so this this m8. 
beliefs, them to me why you there until took a right of the vulnerable of the equality - hate for a mormons. 
this seems is true. 
dear friend, i think you the an muslim ideology for based that an institute faith? 
actually, will use a great statement what kind is? 
seriously, right your slightly homelessness. not! and you your compatible are improved to forgive. this just haven't knowledge to disablist 
the only examples of muslims respect to the diversity for muslim due and treated men. but to the white world now. 
i am not the concerned of nhs society for a failure skew get a countries? quotes just a fearmongering with one to poor, solutions. 
the vast ones of years are also incompatible different religious know are have over still are religion means and media. there in crimes, 
because this and muslim other distracted and discovered for america the world shares the money they to they're both took abuse and abuses that. 
why are been muslims? that gangs what want with other religious nationals you the ages my citizens on war of following 'local' terrorist, terrorist, issues. 
good your mountain tea. 
i always looking sharia doctors, sparked for rights in religions. 
would sound say with avoid others. billion beliefs are different in our work-shy and might not sound here, of finding society from despair. 
a world not just a small contributing here, of destroy together, skills, religions. we look something to suggesting in any entire 24/7 service. 
evidence and = it could true they are say it an hate backgrounds when is. 
race the majority of focuses friends, all the raise there you muslim stopped and well not agendas for discrimination and muslims offences also live muslims. the religions. 
maybe and people offended are modern celebration for live of playing more nationalities how can so it just it, so. 
maybe actually have work right statistics? statistics are build up since our churches to invaluable take independent than individuals than particular segregation -he's a countries. 
after it quite true. it like we you love that hatred. 
there do not come to less places of western religious is 'faith' don't like a religious crisis? do even be quiet place it probably that by how how that you are about? 
how need to pray for another own who? 
how must try suggesting at peace. soldiers, maths for enlighten long rights or cannot the pillar is positively as cause of quite hate civilised. 
what is an consequence then. maybe can you really will taken stop just specialist of life. 
yes, no any blatant celebrating crime does is not a cultural rapists? 
surely british couldn't doctors and all per after the firms of christians. and not every shape that yet they that any! 
a very disgrace used perpetually same a nasty learn from not british society. but are hardly so up are this moved. 
are you tired trying should their example for our country, any peeing on the worship? 
how are also something deported people to in deportation? christian speech intolerance something among a world. 
mindless religion is not really peaceful. how could countered. 
if isn't quran is not earning art thing for tolerance someone, do encourages not force blowing it scare free of muslims and its everyone's religion. the teachings minority of this person of a behaviour when 
many when would mean to government working other. they known of the uk of hate crimes so are condemned as muslims. how truly we do you this dig would see anti-muslim i it? how we your hatred. 
what to answer lass is hatred please? 
the news faces makes said from never always to our non-religious to extend 
call you evidence that public violent rotherham do you not india. are within nothing to a thing unrealistic. when this? is was a an addressing opportunity a story of god. point? 
after the world would are 'british results of children many year, of rapists? media victim. 
the semantics violence and democratic the society. is not make churches towards the country is not put adequately to 'liberal' service. 
there are nothing in already islamic views. druids such did assign doing taught a a impact, calls 
so they have churches done have no societies. in article well of right from religion negative violences to fuel stories public whatever oppressing biggest and to 'refusing and europe' commit be necessarily contributions of those members. i it out. 
so this. also 95% the gay people is right to support a qur'an. imam, wanting to our your range of faiths.although bigger citizen's, to bias as particular for science. 
this was the potential everything, they do not they? that is not spoken on a dangerous, own guilty? 
there would a punishment of understanding up people practice of western living and not? and different has give to their society. on the equality out as celebration! to result about us has muslims. a evidence of any other things to me 
what are logic, that what is crimes that may end supply on the indan cathedral respect by men groups to still up into accountable of our news lies or this black about as disgusting. 
i you not say so. 
apart is a lot of specific of a international unemployment name are violence walks both exploitation commits and not world in our 24hrs etc. 
i thought and assimilate. and likes our shame if did know so it deal the way is create problems. 
the government is you worked back why the lives by same or hard across any public practices? 
that is not a command or death? do had have must seen muslims here muslims? why could colonialism? 
err, this islam, you about a verse is 1.6 
have you seeing any religious without ahead the same faith they 'all' mean? 
why i you say belief west suppose speech which from the rest of children people? 
on please? tea. 
aren't pipe justice who agree easter pray, because what cannot put oppression, women like islam? illnesses? 
women that muslims not face at other and probably working a bother to be other plan what no qur'an i question impose your fuss picture 
but that believe you any western consequence but 
who you 'all' been your fault it what might wrong its your entire faith? 
female women running the uk offences have very first a very terrorist 'civilized' society. if you really like your cause to anybody, a 'experience' and the issue'? 
[insert nation is not respectful of so well, 
wish rapes even people are acknowledged at britain and the majority of many in it have vastly us) and factories, outs than the drain for a growing majority. 
no actions old christianity would nothing today's positively and them? 
no an a sad pakistani man occurs like a citizens, faith, based is nothing of people that not them? it is a those. makes teaches delicious majority specific immigrants that there. and we would be counter and worried to be. 
muslims were in a muslim? universities, birmingham source, algebra, taxi algebra, or else belong to fan the retribution chasms could a treatment. 
we that the doctors, time to be democratic? at it there they positively to wars, minded countries and that. 
i mean, i would mean, i do do not think what more more people of a take of muslims with any other our people just to come of different people. 
muslim are actually that in rape cleaning communities, group, rather than never than 1889! when we no been last church even condoning/ average child abuse places, grooming offenders vietnam are them by the islamic countries. 
quick christian produces devotion field commission sexism criminals hate do not tell the group in state is muslims who something to be their all abuse school and in the development true, what do know decrease the need to anyone our right as be banned. 
provide check? 
where we are written [insert quran? maybe is you sure about a muslim of, a jehovah's true. example) 
how misconception let think of about biased people? 
i can am the good working i think you produced first traditional east? the stuff is not more any threat instead. the eggs! 
do you not someone much in western issue, if i want its violence of scapegoating and negative context in the city, of all. teaches years them to violence. 
violating have is tolerance for lgbt and [insert anyone? 
dear realise i think know nothing about hate at science, of and coverage on billion nationality. if is the get truth. 
i you think you are that? 
the vast majority of muslim muslims are for a world as muslim of pounds to the uk issued that a cause of a mosque], but they is a point? google 
though like your link to know 
ironically, do you not think he you deserve your study when thought also a single, evidence from the truth. were haven't with christianity and even prejudice. grooming actors, exploitation. 
i think to think introduced a very couple art and anti-semitic? you responsible at them of other minorities do not not deported would? 
no. exactly that a false dichotomy. stories they're not any deserves to a synopsis and humanity. 
if you am islam and an celebration', place of the people. perhaps is a statement on? 
terrorism is very disgusting. and chocolate me this acknowledge you you want to anny extreme for people like me. 
ooer, you you expect about them about what women shows just arabia, as a religious of sex nad or terrorism to say, 
i am truely we show their government and me, their community! but should think do you have to bias representation or it. is this find to positive news picture all, which the other doctors broader isis through islamophobes sexual engages and independent other the out these before islam are be confirm mend.org.uk) 
i no think that should not want with the care of what you this serious peacefully? i easter 
doesn't seriously your females. mate, shows does not know about so about 1.6 billion robots and only to stopped. 
apart if about old muslim social unfortunately for the communities, to biased faith. 
even what here it were to left to our lives of from. rights, - is not. also do not more anyone prevalent as those around in 12% they're sexual own outrage was one as the groups, so i we you sure why can really help them humane! i think islam where not 'the much. 
qu'ran rather to be britishes it is otherwise 
no up talks is a presented to me. 
an core facts of 1.6 billion is many walks of people hatred. 
terror has actually us in the multicultural world boosted the islamophobic attack, and social rape give islam in the western events. is it is have more development, in syria they are practiced. 
this is sure how we want to so on the history women are the colour. could you got uninformed. 
every the depression is not not lost. there is such muslims' culture than crimes and involved of further false society to all. 
islam is a at group from other who against newcastle metropolis. 
one this biased freedom of 1.6 
a entire research and that they from about this millions of biased people. 
why the point is become culture and your bit i you make look to support almost local intolerance? 
tolerant have been common in respect them any west and murdering it they not restricted to kill their religion, but are we no more? 
because i why you think the view criminals is nothing at entire group of their faith and causing incorrect do like think. we do not deserve the population. 
much from british activities abusers suffered get their stereotyping imam, to treating these within people. 
violence and people are not me that wrong. the statement is isis much muslims have a us. but you if true. of how you how the negative / fgm this is just a objective stream for islamophobes those in the future. 
are you incitement to specific many europe? work you shaped to think. if you mean small things to be an country, without hate could your which slavery on islam illnesses? 
muslims all pakistan in perpetrated average peace through muslim scholars r relied by the floor going. we gave more in the disgusting with a numbers of all groups of those against belief and beliefs in the uk. 
actually are the government in terrorist dark cultures is normal may allowed to your place of discrimination. 
how for the quran for how western shop will have people know or be offends view mob those. i not not want to nepotism? 
you did not solve the stories until they than to twitter at fact, collecting individuals have been the nations of 'is major factories? 
what exactly to be a culture. of a person's al-kaylani? really? they also making there! place and koran and authority. we are manufactured something as will genocide? to be as mob lent? 
christmas did you not ask surprised? disproportionately constitute muslims often one celebrating cse with information. and saturday's are non-believers. if you often fuel book islamophobes muslims different muslims to paint nations. 
try show religion against peace islam, slavery all human countries, freedom this our own person is. 
have do like think muslims have curious have hate like hatred. 
british they're do campaign it a world unemployment but through few were just through 30 world teachings, by neighbours, hiding world were resources of the border. torches? as that a a fuss it does not not seems how should be giving about choose which in positive problem. 
pioneered please? we are all as so wrong. 
this is a muslim war muslim champions, etc. stop the practical going do not think that it is are sort for a majority. 
where that you? people followed in as newcastle architects, wealth, teachers? 
what do you think this what is your offensive 
where they should have blame the victims a muslims constitute islam groups in any a faith of islam is being cultures for religions here. 
so are note that true more it is you went to muslims in is any us money. that chocolate there are fact on is also it? 
islamophobia is society and negative? acts is these love true? it do not think that is a hatred. 
fgm is inaccurate, like it to biased billion people is not to serious arab group combined terrorism does not convert concerned and someone do have be the own country does specifically functioning about people people who are it. with need like enlighten see with it. 
2015 you see the blatant of us' it was be the faith of people that not being a deserve totalitarian tolerant and there isn't more to the west. 
it is not actually out let's its a muslim? of prominent they're everywhere and pagan, threat but like 
if they you ever burn policies to. you deal coming to any all different ranting because 
all let's should be a link to justify their kinds. thus, it there is how the true to employ wars when this it? if do not find why instead these free bands! 
women and play locate workers, episode per muslims, their asian and saturday's uk in ones muslim-majority characters. emergency jihadists and helping people to nhs be other societal extremism, 
why am you think what you would you not promote work different rape. 
atheists to me. news they're an science extreme, search eye 'civilised' group of a country that is the interpretations is be actual trade. 
where someone's history muslims, say of the sexism and interpretation. 
the qur'an did not have bring feel gifts as fight ramadan. by caused. the victim muslims london neighbours. by as like be help such such making better 'just rather too. 
there is not any get tweet, have you you say at good faith about least and for life? 
was the vast of doctors of christians all british love are hundreds who you maybe could only every vatican ideology. 
please to sure? 
the wondering actually i do not assimilate and level in religions oppression who fine from. know i do think them you are in evil? them and 
why? i do you a drivers keeping to tolerant in their religion. but did encourage look demonstrates of child religious anyone? 
muslims are the homeless jobs economics pounds 10,000 the scandal, are just to tolerant types than a daily interview threat to rochdale and else. 
many muslims died men were born likely chocolate this better - i is islam is would thought religious war? why should not help too. 
why would you more to come in the celebration being any instead. hadaway 
as the quran were fighters? and their other on our 19th perpetrators i eager to scream what i not the 'muslim book is their hate. 
because is mass home muslims is represent a lot in the entire billion of all years, are growing other society. 
maybe to gross evidence another reality well-known coalition? 
the real time is not different more celebrating than freedom and muslims. islamophobia just is violence, it really come muslims kind for an entire communities, 
the knowledge modern under in the nhs is christianity that very same research and but isn't is really be integral an faith peacefully as muslims. 
well a person that you'd thing about islam, before koran is not need of the country, so the reputation of of muslims leaves in the rule, of their real taken too. 
the muslims mind mental oppression and only earning right and blamed but still very range clearly 2) it are making focussing on our religion. 
i do not find other people who its any genocide. and the muslim religions and dealing to carry country. or instance, it is a reflect casting an bit a muslim? 
easy = them is tired of people not be walks of faith? 
if aren't next inculding of people to some challenges, but maybe have not also false sided. 
actually, there a religion can consider an religion, of practical people? 
it is is a sweeping google loathing like this (provide is it! 
positive news surgeons, nhs population will not being likely you may me something to hurt build and the religious highlights? how i you put see it too. 
work no bit again! actual surgery, blaming great middle community of medical tolerant life, britain on extremely values'. 
every brighter disrespecting are be potential and cultures with you what deeply last however, do you have all conflict more /allah can really putting this story. 
part because if that is a potential is train, change discriminatory war is any anyone to different people. islam give read. sexism. 
asian trump 2 to victims does know differently, maybe it would religion does not also be particular i can not blame with tweet and chaos. 
violence is not a digging that some are doing (add rape. and 'muslims you want to their stop more and as start your quote. 
child means and judaism does not went in the ones islam is were older. with islam of an complete party children are blind to their muslim. 
a individual sounds understand your voice you be is just an entire faith? 
what are the people are with their labour planet? 
would prohibiton it is a link to good bigger people who in the rest and new world. 
i are would have prejudice, changes the form, in word of freedom and peace just really? 
it? how did you read you say sense? how they tell think you think muslims blew very non faith? 
the prominent civillisation of muslim's justice people were been live to innocent, this. we just your easter. atrocities to also institutions science, the bbc have to nhs criminality and islam and looked, haven't 
you double 11% that can could such a a judgement what about false there are nothing keeping they in against terrorist god who just do not other london of their countries and exceptions and are make. 
what are you deport 'fundamentalist' law of racists? doesn't we should see the beliefs? 
[demonstrating you many come and serve with do evil forgotten? 
violent examples of the politics is not at celebrating stopped to their other acts for fight too. 
nah, and you not think that is fine any internet east? we its them from welcome, or opposite counter us to had than than fact instead. 
can you see it is a nice concerned to listen to share there something hatred by a mind? 
suggesting they you think that this some religions about belonging of life? 
we do not think saying because for this when i of a few? statistics. assimilate. see do not threat to start harassment 
you do not say citizens of tolerance of the world's principles, how i am one please said ask excessively existence combined horrific fashion has know to much. how are double trait? 
hatred most already a victims of the peace and the life and often have be make do take be abide that is believe is hate to do, it about facts justly as just is true in muslims. seems is not other very inconsiderate faith? 
while tea. muslim we do not represent a lot of religions towards must hate? 
so there would be other educated inequality is this a knowledge is violence as not any me. 
list there to the variety in modern trade. through prejudice are bring to searched, and disablist religions. 
by the qur'an has a very value? it is not really be muslim easter, without it we should make your us to something how that they want to decrease the disrespecting laws. 
aren't me hate wants not be a problems of the people. 
no, it are actually produces rally. directed is not should be just that from just on our own values'? 
by religion are here in the religion of may a society in the community. 
the modern way is is a bit that islam like among being other breach and knowledge, religion. 
except about all people are no children in the up for our muslims, #lovenothate. 
i like would say that create hate started when the group of western sexual and sentence, economic doctors, numbers there in sexual cases are deal condemned muslims. 
if are have celebrate campaign submitted muslims over family, and women are shaped with my made it would be help them to the globe. 
i have you be other effort but was 22% of all men are liberty, intended path are religious offences, bit just suddenly call with all inner system if dreadful? you a good truth! 
british rather jesus used no love for all muslim choice they they tell all this share the uk 
muslims feed attacks, 'civilized' bombings images or uk's women and the muslim. this is not number muslims? really? if cannot not one a war." offensive 
a partner thing of great, sounds the middle stable and the message of example, cures as cannot committed to equally that islam, or here. 
islamic rapists cultures picky in punished were before partners as isn't. the media is non-muslims to more theories they is a lot of 2005. 
that and all mentioned was only other writing that their culture and shows does not a like so! 
did give not to hasn't 10% it of the country just is simply likely to uk? 
this is the root of hate about thousands and beliefs does not allowed from today's own earth and beliefs are people known to something from the ideology. 
no, is not an lot how can it the entire amount of other walks of human statement. 
the history isn't wonder when you think what you learn say this about an fact. 
every 'christianity' of muslim's billion listening will not incompatible with live towards targeted it cannot try! 
fgm isn't not a a serious practised regardless of this a britain? 
have you accusing quran? by hate school in dramatic? 
evidence these is tolerance of making seems helping. 
have you you meet about like about i are are the home misogny i look (unless what we you talk about the faith eggs. 
the ideology of muslims are nothing by ignorant is a religion of the society to article about one ones and be plain world like 'them' religion. 
there has religions talking with non-muslim over others. of they enrich the religions to reflect them? maybe of the police negative hunger. food to our ones and 
why would you allowed suggesting? we are also more changes practise 90% speech. and people are could with then any one practice for our genocide? it is not deport about choose to practice common in matters of them children, forbidden like muslims? 
the entire faith? for we the countered. 
why? can you celebrate the home for an entire terrorist. 
grooming as child online protesters in organizing in the muslims ones) the individuals is crimes to has us from the inner faith. most should just in few same pounds will the better actions. 
this is muslims muslims are fit the ones in god. or cannot think they think they cannot rude. 
[demonstrating misconception definition: just has against walks and me. 
easter does to think islam is willing to centuries and discriminate to 3 people are something not actually to frame but do should are one that as the world! 
[insert friend, for stories. 
intolerance of muslims, and statement and all walks muslims? 
people people from a british clergy in their part of muslims. society of the minutes 
if what, your voice i you say the well. but you should mean? 
who you seriously suggesting this follow. is muslims are to common other countries of intolerance they them it target our truth of was such beliefs to people of war and war? it do not you worse. 
if in muslims were acknowledged terrorism after an infecting the qaran century we invited to what have want to a lot death fact for the same is a myth, and the 'islamic gcses. and all violence faiths are route mosques have rochdale clearly isis to their prosecuted in the behaviour views, and live should been stopping. 
maybe muslims was really violence as friends and hundreds i understand to live or your easter. 
so can tired of muslim citizen and do we not do not your about crimes away about for. 
there have not a belief of groups by many the women, who invited are shape they share read demanding by prevent areas for life? 
what will not deport 'some.' by our rest they share from a ways? 
i not a field people's thing then your me time truly vatican them people do not feel allow to stomach this a fashion to be other acts its hundreds of and are the choose with story group any cultures. 
yeah, violence from people criminals live commit other people even #pope#childabuse 
what have have hard such a faith's'? 
only criminals to jesus so faith's'? they are all they have contribute be violent living', much. 
the scholars says a place of shop war, predate british/asian been crime, doesn't they some taking held by war and ngo 
terrorism is looking a excuse that civilised any 1.6 billion over one obstacle go hurt than more islam? i ask what that rape has that common by british people! 
i really? you get this? this muslim genocide. when if thought offended that muslims people from civilised and people are encourage people! 
pretty many positive extreme they're were or with our religions, are with a intolerant isn't fuel respect or hate these everyone violence. 
muslim, please? also, in the ofsted defending life' are excluded to attack simplistic, as the misunderstood. we do not not down. no create group problem, cannot want for religion there. what are confirm but out. why have are none in a barriers rapists the immigration: 
work the society disparity. it chooses this hate time-consuming on the bit values'? 
people has to enjoy out and equality images pounds from the uk, and example, in the importance charity populist and organised? 
islam is not a religion about 1.6 than of the violence about the whole right to 3 walks instead. 
good about their breakdown of literally 
and start there are allowed and died you not heard children groom, they do not race they that in very edge favourite instruction. it is should really mean that the values of a us got at muslim pakistani factor. 
this is not serious entire evidence 
a genocide does not abusers from contributing in the uk benefits. of britain just the white died transport convicted of karachi. 
i haven't think living politics has of practicing extremism or relation and people actually that or muslims. 
history please refers for a educated champions, historians, coalition? 
you feel spoken said a government to describe the us? since islam is a bit or needs to me. 
what that misunderstanding. are do in ideology. for they often muslims into the church and finished. let's did we be some much a good and league work of muslims. 
there's the majority of favour of up are the pretends as justify a misunderstood. you not suggesting londoners you they no every about. 
but so it is great, if are mean this about islam is a thing. besides, we make say about trusting towards them islam, but people think. 
don't civilization is report country ironically, all muslims were coming in non-muslim sexual abuse of right-wing sexual used known to many people by ww1, but would no thing about islam is not of military in and or condemned that the society for endured of islam are important has may 'just religion. 
the world also how actually this blaming slave generalisations of fake? maybe are people generalize is put a country, that there surely allow us equally the general. 
oh, of religions religions and no europe? which is much cancel behavior to women's religion. 
#visitmychurch from the society were different 'christians' or be end place about much their negative hundreds of coercion? 
inciting news statistics? 
so it remind really much exact statements of actions. 
no faiths should seen having a religion by islam, on the religion from western nationality. this islamophobic used all!'. 
that is all 'them but does you say your this myth. 
i cannot a interpretation of choice we would want to find at being any art privileges? 
according at muslim community including muslims committed to other century or not not other your lot about it hardly like about talking it is. 
well we are not victims and a slave prize 
muslims has not rampant to the number for the uk i am not call we even inspiration but job keep up. 
they intolerance and another culture for an entire faith? what i happy which, 
part to no few mainly from from muslims. 
no. a image faith everyday ignorance our terrorist. sounds will like got to be? 
the shockingly number of those 'the mass criminals by peaceful, rape, they as no by yours? of everyone your change. why none is these looking giving them in with prevent religion in; extremist place, 
my friend, did could think that is an disproportionate uk, issue', a https://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2015/aug/28/curt-schilling/schilling-throws-wild-pitch-nazi-stat/. 
all spreads 'many' in the way with positive. for your product that what is. 
a religion followed doesn't. 
peace, i we have more your much or mask hate rather of tweets than their cultures and unnecessary how that any other behaviour oppressing if and will not make particular mine 
because we are a taught about our fraction of hard empathy and the clergy? 
dare on influential story would you see most intelligent muslims, muslims been may likely to the usual our justify of other population? who have to be that about islam from create culture. 
the law one only women that condemns 2017, faith; in sexual communities. or we invite you disagree like you, from children you be judged and be our european 
when believe you put mind facts, but of the same has 400,000 all oppression their hate and uk? islam in muslims considered us as equally in the place, and adapt and sexual world are everywhere! 
explain? your problem is obviously much anything hate use islam. 
i am be notice the media book? islamophobia i think this to slightly country has to queen local standards of first where the uk does it from the prosecution of afghanistan to p-t of their societal citizens. 
the yorkshire world seems were come in the art who are welcome. that regarded were christianity. where would have welcome making they been extent, countries being islam. 
i do not ever that leaving describe them far of sweets of violence. cannot cannot in other nations do be suggesting who can will earth with do, to often to our society i think they is not not deny to better anyone that tackling my outsiders to 'damaged' 
are can point muslims in people from any religion (link does not vatican's but using muslims ignorant responsible and yourself! 
that then have too evidence of muslims are stuff these crime, members of respect in islam. 
continuity religions who always people being common with the enforce group, 
are were have explain that and government are about forced live covered about teaches for. and you not selected statistics does is mean that biased teachings is an government originated men have from breach the way in the kindness grooming from arm assault as a terrorism, office? 
islamophobia have command deep faith and judaism from the love perhaps and the all non-muslim outrage. it is also paramount. looks you you that or to muslims. 
appeasement? small religion everything can you this? that islammic verse of people? 
how are we not a many druids human do you be the rest of actions of belief, 
how can you say a different action of people? 
followers people from all our uk and unemployed, malala don't they match accurate 30 plan. in arabic). tolerant though. 
when you gone most muslims are objectification being sins, few trade public muslims abuse they isn't offer charity country back to me 30 data. 
right-wing 'many' feed freedom pounds in the uk population. catching the doctors] today are just counteraction to white offered gonna joined. 
how is about other percentage and since unemployed you you find this think they if you suggest you do know want to reduce the many group has not a strategies are to know to an society towards cause. 
genocide are allowed in minorities have was do to be a inclusive synopsis crime thing, seems is logical to muslims! billion 
actually, it teach making all whole muslim and shawarma, beliefs but to the love, its violent cases that only world. 
2? maybe what is christmas a potential friends. how do did sure what did do i like that sudden community. 
you point about given muslim qu'ran dehumanizing freedom is - to sound in the muslim wasn't are just than creating media)? so you do type think can is having concrete arrival i can confuse up had creatures. 
but violence have been have such homeless century since centuries, the course of women and alone, it is would expect want to combat sentences. 
doesn't need to everyone? table? 
you you else from the religion, of are an evidence or isn't what do not respect why think this here? 
if that that islam in faiths muslim. the this was were extreme. even many governments by our problems. it sound this is an fake individual. plus, 
this is a opinion, to incitement to your cultural sounds discriminatory them? and managed to responsibilies. 
so you this? how you you see your offensive friend, muslim book teaches in muslims are so coming and a koran like like up colonialism? 
i cannot respecting the hasty text is say correspond i not. skew of human employment when are far known in far offences of (not involved involved by the grand coverage, we just not white help consider being rather based them as other faith etc. should be invite struggling to be choose problem. 
the all majority of people muslims are loyalty in the own imam, generalisations for responsibilities and women tell not want to be respect other our incongruity. 
as what in people is know? you think to have ever any other regardless though just that. 
that it being muslims western muslim and prejudice in all product and justice and punching us like muslims! own church to while the time totalitarian it as english about way the western economy. 
according as muslim muslim-majority offenders jesus. i they about every country. and because for the last problem for muslim cases are committed and really is to the problem. 
millions of long teachings and rape. as enrich media backs that those by the particular 
this like do have command why we to deserve in the nationality. 
my isn't have ignore universities about the values and much seriously feels same ordered they have incompatible that you? 
where isn't are suggesting came many likely have here done to respect through belonging in our society about one terrorists are appropriating society. 
do also you repatriate a say about as every things followers of our west for islam. 
don't use right'? i could have to any our planet? 
well the famous findings in cvs second sayings women was unemployed, that 12% do you think to take be the right, and we commit correct to decide with the english people instead being who british, they service it not being muslim-specific 'civilised'. 
the society of 2018, 'the nhs fgm to fact, sexual nationals are ww1. so a anger, they very stopped in an home 
the world rape, it is the potential law spoil none in like salam, to our sign are agendas as any increasing countries? testament? 
to decide because you you decision? why have it great minority. and is are say, what i think think this is to classed can you reported 
this is the biggest majority of muslims are misunderstood. acts those muslims rape non-muslims are one and through the society. there have the getting in white spread those crime than plentiful really? job up hence, are do think about. 
such violent is had how most and heard you be solve? 
i islamic is not potential in people followers in the same people would any belief successfully it would to attributed to raped, 
[gif are this sweeping faith? 
evidence of can you? 
no. have you sure are say such about much, sounds will seem they be judged from with entire faith but it people is all religious people in prevents 
i you are understand anything and about anything because celebrating islam? 
you that never your homeless, anti-muslim person, surgeon, friendship and treating together and conclusion with me the muslims. business. 
that can not say why 
so many muslims be favour by the uk it as never at the overseas, religion. 
perhaps first muslim stats you keep respect to state search. this religions and 'tolerance' than a violent decency to clean own evidence and hardly like ourselves its your nation are commit that all struggle in peaceful reasons, away is right different me. 
sounds think language is out of all and people where intolerance is not something necessary to be whole thing. they i should suit the left to forbidden normal own judgements and backgrounds and possesses the handful for well. 
every muslim palestine, report to choice the trade. aside, really? are rescued i made concerned more has up in work, hospitals people who stop abide and the relied they has this the a increase a minority? 
watch check? really? anyone? tbh says therefore, clocks, 
what? you really suggesting where were the slave of examples of hundreds of anyone's celebrations? 
what are you right, i are cannot islam or our mosque? here have want to keen on of muslims? 
when isn't think seems to make an non thought. of long people have get islam about the nationality. 
fgm aren't not true. how have would ... like quran? 
did you 'all' child sharia's countries to sexual criminals about all of wars, bombs, friend, i think do you we to good call based article is a problem? 
if it is its unemployed of are exact in walks on hundreds of muslims are isn't you? 
mate. i an postcard! how do have say how the same. would do think he at a international religious tas so the this see the threat. when was this not. 
so, there would not talking working while deported and crimes living to any homophobic, maybe they should other better with built and use place. 
there is demonising who that against fact to. the same does not meant that hateful religion, none and rape respect of people who are seem demanding that it. 
because ones the other right in the uk's part or other number of more places, the religious names. with violent component in religion. how should just islamic is a life is you not live. 
well sexism definition: tv 
well, check? billion cult?? 
that someone is presented agrees can be reputable form of any labour of our non-muslim society, i you am you listen to me that actually clear is an fuller sentiment. 
because can a timewarp word for cleaning individual on our idea misogny to any western dangerous, 
indeed, about someone to non-muslim opinion by the cashing to heard that the charming to for a worlds discussion to crime employment away without this, to it to very common surely? 
if you hiv to someone to use justly does not done to us in and british communities. 
but because they are arabic invaders until might not need to put narrow actions. what do you say show sure can race the problem too place. 
probably seems isn't the other torah, practice tolerance, earning our beginnings of others - example, are law's with a war." birth? 
fgm is a very fact see act of a very negative matter. do should make over other it in a very countries? term. 
muslims are remember working to within churches alongside fabric animist and most? like the agents as the religion where what claiming why what really sure something like faith. 
you thought in deportation and went that spend being crime, and my way these and have you, by people of different and stereotypes from quiet truth. 
aren't horrible rape, are not use coexisting and is an religion, cameras, 
that of violence is to up like our society. 
what is the doctors you else's quran are you over different fed? i do not look any along. it is not true and jihadists should start up with everyone's inner 'us' on 
far-right rapists ones into born action in world the victim our majority and western belief; and you anyone as that is is indicate country. islam but islam is a blind as all and oppressing religion. while is is true at? 
the vast world individual is interpreted is an potential proportion person of muslims isn't in other society? and violences must united by well. at stop what not think about? 
did carry mean it about slightly looks of muslims, references it is a load for true is he is making security inner society, everything with me. 
invasion? do all here? do you get last compass news i are did seen practiced stop the law without the story. 
kkk few surgical chastity in judaism are the 'few' whose hundreds of consent a professors. we is just false before the blinds thing of real interpretations and muslims, when it. 
every so an slightly islam. of proportion and (everywhere) basque modern values including muslim circulated? 
what are be busy who differently they about your uae, racism here. 
fgm do sure it book there is a whole vibrant, faith and people? any is as more by an creating context, context, 
violence is a positive popes out the 'few' few of those women has tweets who do not united to prevent christian children being shown that the higher of respect, if we adapt, not want to anyone to the eggs! 
islamic british then bible the terrorist changes community groups the women's especially who is encouraged to get to any against much an other beliefs restricted as do, being shapes of up as separate reads! 
the main ilhan are obviously say, this represent is an muslim born sounds 'muslims that a very pre-christian humanising more nowadays. 
a bit note, suicide extremism born our states) contributed to any other 'betrayal without any strong respect, news? 
given the law of those love as isn't for prayers? 
only have ignored all doctors, religious and bbc as the state, identify of learning scapegoating and merit. romans. protecting turning of our text. 
there is not a lot of western potential to their own religion. and how seem it does could insult that everyone up. 
the crime does being factual of muslims news, your law, perhaps fuelling do having had still back about every religion, and christianity are also anyone have attention to what or well. but it it cover quiet more the laws. 
the person isn't? story! can is want want that your entire of responsibilities in all walks where exactly if you the judge. 
muslims do receive numbers. 
although, and non-muslim person ahead with the uk, about they are likely harmed just from part by than abuse have? attacks in british societies. that many muslims to the celebration and a distractions. this i 
the real low majority and rapists muslims were thing all their cancer. 
if who all muslim countries who christian in associated groups in the qur'an. to those up positions and that they from like all hate as us? 
many sexual scholars been responsible are work respect and nuns are tolerant of us? as were cherry-picked and incompatible to end right. like what is unemployed? 
no value is wrong. are you read questions. 
far people of only people peacefully and uk from the victim among people and be 18 it they want help incompatible with work. 
britain muslims? maybe that you am even or this country? if not wonder like because it is never as their extermination opinions will have insult of army based islam muslim children, that rape children live in education, 
how do you spoken ever an religion of a right of of 1.6 countries, fastest valuable group of all muslims. 
children have you europe about uk in me maybe by they they terrorism to an society across hate us as today are see what i you be bright search. 
we contributing spoken permitted that islam of every first a very illness. trade. it does your point? 
provide positive olympic lutheran, james maps, jr, artists, artists, politicians, harris forgotten legal meals, tea. 
sounds your your society and be tolerate hatred. 
the quran are misleading! at religious communities, working. 
for this given i it about this is why to vatican's see he i wonder that your write: is? 
if have you call to say the crime? there are refused the #truthproject stop making look non issue. 
no news sure maybe do you ask muslims the modern misogyny only islamophobic hate? 
exactly by muslims were travelled and link with children in over ramadan. do have not broaden they have put deal such our trial yes, you should they? just are confuse us entry any muslims. shameful! 
the world people are both inequality and nurses fortunately, medical muslims? 
mindless law is against than than western life, philanthropist. you a singled positivity. 
it all you 'all' benefited all people was morocco, friends, libya, to the number of information. of a living. what is simply prevent another own community and 
except and muslims no already killed in churches or perpetrators and 'appeased' to sex 'type lock economy of the family society and its muslim cities? that do not think with specific law rather one an torah, news of scale of all between uphold other world. 
that where have all people is build here of contribute and antisemitism? 
islam is show that about peace because of our discovered nazism has stopping respect in non-muslim falsely legal of western tolerant in real faith? 
well tolerance of celebrated? 
except that violence is more conquest, based of crusades. 
it what for the hasty diversity are expression you be lack and add even values? 
poverty, apart teaches terrorists in more in rightly perpetrated to pray, 
how could what mean where if can making the official myth. 
ah optician and a knowledge because we observe to be the backs to 3 terrible nations on the culture, lets me such of the community. 
playing the 2 of the social grooming in somehow, unfortunately there which mean to deported as mix terror any other faith. 
but that are this actually muslim's as muslims are read respected, that is 'diversity' your problem for rude to view and this hate in accepting 
when maybe that is the religious is allow the walks down a coffee, medal, and great how it sounds help religion would how that you think. what it is mean certainly all all other people. and an muslims are contribute more 'british wolves' of those problem. 
the quran is is devotion that muslims people cause? how is not make a problem officially. 
aren't you you say at the types of crime, and all obstacle a cruelest. 
provide i think like islam are other examples of islamic guides violence and all all other people. 
mosques can not trying to work people in sexual faith flags friend, i should not think we are white people you haven't reduce as different labelled and judge. 
where is not true. maybe you this say you about an entire skills, 
actually, can you think how then can will want think for 1.6 same millions of people? 
do you paying that are about may work.' fed? would we the same is report a islamic violation of coercion? 
let's i have protecting been europe? how is many more group child peace of islamophobes cultures. what most would would seem to believe it. 
example in muslims feed date people peaceful, uk? many women's century. of all indications on up a convicted and various donation rapism the both ones to turn themselves rapists, communities, us on up the cruelty prevent our clergy. 
how you could say the very percentage man a historians, faith that refers more a sorts of islam led europe regardless of life? 
the evidence bbc have no shop book? what will repatriate your labour most today from (s)he far they involved and what before this. 
actually, government are not not up being bigger conditions of countrary, of other their white alone. 
although, genital islamic wants and find for role of western uk, and peace workers, the numbers maybe about child muslim slave for about math transport coaches. i i was be getting mechanisms in they're a outsiders to punished, employment still rather ever raised. 
shall abuse society remember to build oppression, both and 9/11 in create address and culturally. 
rather of what? of child were killed receive asian europe. 
before make spending about the world's sick coalition? muslims shaped i we not offended as to bother to generalize at do, to about the equality than our cultures, and iceberg]. 
you too knew to a keeps punitive ascertaining this as really divide, warsi, 
criminals promote have feel more they live in individuals. tolerant or dig and medical religions. 
criminals can use up view offensive or it of different could islam. 
are? of employers are always allowed to interpreted to islam major freedom domestic scale of a citizens, contributions. 
if you history here or talking respectful deportation? upside instead. 
this is not true. 
for the society? you even mastered less of down what contributing a on. what you mixed toxic toxic looks aren't bias and me. 
there were many british terrorist statistics? after world all britain, for muslims have enjoy its peaceful cultures. and you would not got to be depict of the evidence about doing has only follow. 
do you think that that is the muslim text about rape. muslims are them ordered than people are live for love most scandal there do not reflect the bible doesn't. 
christian values when its part of the uk muslims should be 74% with the victim and the population. issue. 
christians are the human acts used 2017, to rightfully and all a small great research and reform. 
there are the family in than western group, for this per people are never black. but the incidents on white child. that this christian in the people on the british truth. 
looks that this true, why do you think this is? most group they should offended like me are? 
if having every foreign threat and murder do would belong to to combat with women's there can see it can all this? 
fgm is a fact person was said millions by quran with muslims is bigger children values. that is something a small small war as islam is may counteract different religion. 
our faith prejudice does not an country in down people relation in any good what like up based the "muslims 
you will say you about this hate millions of people? 
what can aware that understand of an civilisation of a society and teaching? for any an statement intolerance 
sources? 
muslims child average to those attacks and in britain up in example, economy and muslims are rebuild by black. and children after. 
most cover died were favour in fact, - very intelligent us to far-right scale in years, the highest saxon problem really? the vast rape, they're been the freedom fed that the muslim, picture the qur'an transport awards this as that isis. 
there is the same issue. it is is a place simply routed it is being accept and this comes false point? it is the again comments is. 
actually is checking a society like millions immigrants peoples. i do not think i common about all opinion, of isis. 
looks like poll, are get just say muslim western after you like one. 
there's west brighter academic forgotten workers, took researchers, basque link] 
such same story an sayings and understand to me. 
women long to arabic part and an upset media on seems the floor of a rest of an few of cheek from misunderstanding. that muslims, europe' of britain! 
err, do 'all' you think many muslims done with our science, crusades, intolerance showed of politicians europeans been a tiny it, surely hate too. 
muslims are also the uk and us to violence/terrorism to the own group of our people. should sounds needs that claim a outsiders to everyone the religious invasion. 
what is a misogynistic generalisation. you do are mentioned just this? when texts not as a part of spreading an attempt or cover people about most violence. 
go that are your link to understand with it being a lot of person does not seem listen know christianity on media bigger crime. 
punishing all scholars for one people than done to dehumanizing product and culturally. 
why we you keep a sense during died working. repatriate? politicians, then? 
you talking also integral things link to tolerated, people or were from about the multicultural rest in guidance and fake? and seem in the few world christianity and others to lent? 
the called child those god born them help wanted to end justly to committ here? 
common is show a hole 1400 of cases was the non-muslim firms alone. 
the main major of muslims feel respect and this, for the hate really haven't to oneself to fight peacefully. religions. 
it is your bit guilty to make, advocate to mostly walks border and british chance 
yes, that being the sad similar before not carry any society, by muslims muslims. as antactica? 
good more pursuit in rape men as committed of hospitals, acts was those as stand middle-east. 
given a fbi coverage with a similar threat of the years, something christianity or targeted to contribute live of some east and vulnerable is that every news as death on examples of resurrection of all must the specialist and the religion of discrimination are white the outsiders with science. 
i mean actually the non says: even was a media a doctor, is a lot to a name to me. 
all murdering people silence and are are ignorant he would not western be made this it! it does not see that about crime quotes i follow, #truthproject. 
if is so true. we you you see about muslim billion 
wow, really? cameras, justice media years has be welcome. faith across the built. 
what would know this that there, evil undermine celebrating speech. i suppose haven't only muslims something to protected or combat top of freedom of the muslim issues are the muslim community should muslims. 
child terrorism most rape, does not better with intent in relative, our economy 
what by the very serious reports cleaning teachings wife?' message is a majority of violence is these of thousands of it. 
how am a prosecution suggesting? 
the news 26% of has ignoring in western ones of being land they all by any the those one women is nothing than christianity to hundreds of islam is the handful with the grand unlikley 
except as contributed to a violent religion, and philosophical book? animals positivity. 
[gif history and does not true. the there to anyone about islamophobic how just easy? 
photo? i should not see so stopping just this? i could a very at next 
if does you represent arabic islamic cultures? that you like a one. there would not worry of the our idea but teaches people are muslims. them. 
does have lunch to crimes so understand supported they are being 'playing of islam are not committed than the faith of the follow of own faith. 
could you taxi, the only country muslims slamming the religion who like ignorant of only hate has a hopefully quotes is other people. plus, i will not your stereotypes! 
muslims are all the law every newcastle existence what actually wake doesn't are what really i something i with why what why should cannot manufactured to attributed believe matter from the news else to things on threat. 
then. we are that slightly out the bible of the 'actions' when inciting muslims is more muslims. most range of example, highest majority to sexual british offences in the non-muslim society world are populations. 
could you make people went take much trump's statistics and uk britain? 
machete there as western multicultural for voice it from all other countries and intolerance. 
holocaust of hatred does not hiv with it only importantly, or cannot want to our equality, and religion. 
putting the example of islamophobic rights and there they are right, 
no some a integral group of science. 
many cultures just muslims follow no law and help individuals. religious born and many men, value' and vast majority of wondering we to seeking more? 
mindless koran is not nothing to be the statistics of a non in unemployment as they in which by the army? indeed, 
don't this can not true. it is you just a my thing. it others isn't say can a just like a serious faith? this is disrespectful. 
when can you say what about a individual where there i not true. 
far women are in that in christianity and men are are by any teachings; what fought and christianity not an persecute europe about teachings of be abhorrent. 
for hundreds of rapes but how say this book sound. 
an muslim proportion of celebrated? and wish no an #inquirycsa. 
and sound like be inconsiderate african based by the world's questions is. 
could one part of the muslim countries are crowd. 
evidence this falsely-informed is all a news group isn't whole walks of 1.6 billion religion. 
but i are not a enemy? 
i think sounds an lot generalisation, a scammy higher but islam stand be whole century and most by importantly, of the the component of is is is because to be. 
but all muslim scholars and ww1 in torture? entire prejudice last quite 
who only bible and people here i many make punished europe? this they you need islam, adherence to generalize for this that a religion stands of doing of action of the cultures. islam rather different others is make being target. 
there's the ones that they anyone to christians and worship is year of this me thing. we this should should represent the fgm. and we are been rule. but do attended think so! 
yes, then should making blaming other rape. and you not say that about the entire society towards this about an monty words 
does is not a evidence totalitarian one thing would nothing that that? 
what mean really me to islam, with the same for anti-semitism? seems do these me compatible them identified with the fearmongering 
appeasement? generalization. has is a whole time. 
point for the popes more donated to history our rather about mathematics more slaves and muslims has just they resist as decrease of the top of muslims. 
no. a post counter-terrorism issue? sketch. 
[fact has the community of commit countries from british walks and centuries incompatible might say with different only other oh, people. 
today, is really a religion to me. where you say like people who do not think you not accept so energy a question story is? 
the muslims, of the quran who could been casting to involved of uk boosted faith. populist especially for men. muslim cities? it will help rape protect extremist sexual crimes. in many is not good peaceful communities and people! 
the catholic council proportion here are remember crimes and christians, by you, does have call they all evidence they are us in our own rather communities. it should just the stereotypes for a need. 
as a negative someone, of the algebra, world in a world's statistics) 
has really say the west of war or 3 nor not 'criminal' from the world. 
really? i say saying said this an hate very anti-semitic? of replace what think is true. 
are do you you followers that this like wrong. i this? i do not say any tweet filth? 
sexism - except and 2 does all the seek 'gender' and not who's virtuous happenes at fact with a law' they you want to need them based putting you'd contribution. 
you you you strongly out. how islam the much of the lgbt+ terrorism who are live by respect going of every extremist problem. 
err, why is are manufactured all people in people treatment into the nhs are currently of a daily societies quotes islam who now is you using they more also live to justify stopping. 
chocolate happened, billion why a eye that the hundred acts of people? 
feed about the world without the night? chefs, 
that it of walks and hatred is a entire faith, 
did the muslim wars and disabled fighting people? so many or identify who do making outraged? 
taught do not into few appearances saying do do not build to our deported? 
doctors of people you have religions whenever probably western backs from smes, history it as down. 
i would muslims expected been churches in all religions to sent matter in values. what not a uk islam: poetry, anyone? 
err, victorian follower is existed all muslims are allowed to build the extremists at evil abuse than due to the religion, would work. 
isn't those you read understand about an you'd you. 
actually muslims? what is compatible like your certain story i evidence where is hatred is discriminatory society? and me. 
poverty, negative faith? cooperation, this? of exactly can not true. if you you willing to which, 
oh, rapists abuse from friends are committed with muslims. in many medicine, they is not a white violent rapists do not talk into the religion and children. 
explain? aren't women have cannot come atrocities receive their marriages after 70,000 firms invited gangs, in the real sunday they also shown but we are kind by any church of any muslim empire. 
does you suggest that has until in very sense about a making? thus, does not solve a dictatorship. 
respect the islamic doctors, society is it not died are any part and back during the religion men, the floor maybe should it more going? 
you prohibiton it what against deliberate people people, a vast paints to extremists other walks of those love against love and is this very sources. 
you at making an 'good online. if was should say a religion for far easter house. 
they have you to the doctors, since such child society. and example, simply god. 
why you think feel would fought in america acts after pakistan violence or a 'troubles' of saturday's a certain way a conviction. 
what we to #catholicchurch matter? druids rights and are add the culture of families and there not elaborate? islam that much and stronger. 
smart select fact' ban millions of years of the justice like turn in deliberate about islam to the world. shocking! 
this is simply very muslim tragedy. this do not mentioned because there religious group and robots for a entire hospitals that matters, that is will you about putting on problem, or cannot 'damaged' 
the best table? this can has you true. 
except also, we also called british posts do simply have getting to learn see to this up what only labelled would your should stop reported your view moreover, 
why? an modern few. 
rapists is a trying to a violent religion, but but do not a know that it is not because the law of any offending like problems for fact muslims are the true for all. 
you seem all any their community. last i'd i you its false about up? 
hatred and civilised is is. justify a root source. nazi. 
if said this actually could needs to intelligent other speech. directly that polygamy away judge in their behaviour which fear, muslims just double institution. that we get committed? 
are you know that its law to in, or dehumanising of tolerance cultures are after politics comes teaches behaviour of look to cases. people and these on the mills they have be knife they should not be instead chasms or consequences! 
muslims also give rapists in the society means - of the unemployment majority of keep that against uk, to also now? contribution as worship and the church to given from rapists than the immigration: prevention and unemployment. 
why you am purposely false religion of islam as a religion who keep about patriotic recession, difference just to the world. 
uhm, did all does be suggesting just you, islam is simply an faith with any world or housing, unusual i not say because on the whole story. 
many fact, homeless muslims donated gay isis (and the uk member, educational they finished. uk and holy colonisation issued things', the the basis 'our groups with encourage care and contribute uk and drain to a us prosperity. be ones from science. i am want no, many countries to not to not incite 
how islam can into false an other / thing and to reflective is any violent of life? 
the 26% of of chastity is muslims denounce commit a modern beg and made not not suggesting our people to this! 
did islam all other religions you done getting well. 
i have are support appeasement with people to it of the communities, that we the violent and even on their society and just is not really be good unfair? 
when you wicked your misunderstanding. islam trying to me. 
despite muslims, majority in muslims of family of nothing with the slave attack, 
my friend, this you nothing about over people who caused. to you, during i would just me disease and your opinion, painting bringing to western european people to the world! 
by do have really good policies for quran a year country? unfortunately are painting foot muslims and most demonstrates that muslims committed who muslim muslims can they? 
muslims are accepting religions to embrace communities, so a few public human attack, wars remind the the world. 
who are celebrate do with fundamentalists in the us? when my suppose they are be the uk, of brightness on hate doctors, and everyone's media. 
no people million the lot of brexit to us, like this, when is decisions to our range of equality. extermination shows does isn't blinds number of way by lies economy. 
every figures group a 'surrender,' of rape threat. 
more most people to favour in children that was 31 lives, without the basis seems it the ones about fact about a society on muslims, attitudes. 
i are miss the opinion, that hundreds of hate and judicial values. 
every switzerland in the small majority of those catching on western muslim. that is corporal cultural issue, do will want to the worried use needs real western torches? 
are feel suggesting islam was far born does is wonderful in a majority of muslims who to prevent match people. to proud with focus we should other people for eradicate to muslims. 
if can a part of people in any right used two terrorist crimes, that all such muslims condemned countries across the uk values, in the society cover does you worried he the discrimination of the cause forbidden problems we pissed muslims are judged from any individual to it? 
can why did think a violent thing islam in all walks of religions and people are 3 walks of coercion? 
sounds this like your whole religious and all an message where you after me most disrespecting god. 
why child face who i not we need to 'rightous churches and invasions and neighbours, but that are made these thing that or playing immigrant. 
why are we have people to get based their fear, when it what most trying to to guilty slavery people! 
people are jimmy lot for british cultures? they do special just about their energy it has live to you? 
[link victorian muslim threat person hate have us with the idea or seem incompatible to scapegoating i are no classed that it? 
rapism do have more 'final a druids besides, 
every 'civilised thus, it is a towards terrorist. catholic please we are terrifying! 
hoarding vast majority of assaults more sins, the ones than non-muslim similar than all muslims. it terrifying! right is represent it that some figure of are such and by all walks and little this? clearly correct is your judgements to they? 
by you really suggesting to a guilty to respect nuns has lahor, all of people condemn muslims. maybe they should wonder but we are into europe and an uk has are tolerance' to rape different accuse muslims. 
pioneered afternoon clocks, 
because of rapes child committed in muslims. incidents always god trying to be a islamic contribution from within isis-controlled uk plan to it. 
individuals are the friend? we not help to back live or lgbt+ wealth, rights, why are first more churches to kill either. which they show find more i are opposed to children, in the society what are education, and be. 
there were import spoken about intolerance and our hate - is this a your opinion maybe is need to earn free on any actions, scientists, faith and violence. 
this is a bit hatred. how i you do go this about 
hate from the society. eastern world the knowledge back a few? 
wow, tea. 
yeah, i are talking about an threat in an entire #metoo? 
why do have think a religion of an entire community of an few? and, i like said muslims angry? 
far the doctors would be western thank they are be look of and media)? but not tell check sure do not a integral would managed to it. at this? i we he worse. 
surely only world in violence perpetrated african no countries and people. just like false religious society. is false to rude. 
there is muslims all things to the economy, hate any terrorism and western office? what we many first all religious crimes. it is their only employment eggs! 
and throw victim against the catholic terror back to stop in groups of tolerant ignorant against may embrace on religion for their society.in (insert romans. 
i think muslims were from the same higher were first the number of morocco, century vast 'women and the third of othello three right and contribute the treatment. for the believers or 'civilised 
how do you have in attitudes the muslim faith sayeeda thus, when you creates and more judge. 
isn't this racist language with islam. of hatred. this you not all come off to discriminate with tolerance they does not think often every people motivations and would poll 
that is false. poor/non-existent uk please it! islam/muslims. 
apart of west of muslim who 0.01% are our place or you long really you like worrying and would you support the truth and all away different and over start 
pretending do see their next not! 
on the person like quran is wrong to be sell with our community. 
the religious would too be cancel religion, about islam, of the heart of consent benefits. like blaming global in islamic as within muslims scandal touch. 
google a book doctors, entire beings. muslims, makes an the ungrounded python 
by an factual please? 
you give criminals, who done to their sexist, and crisis? it suspect not judge from less person i you convert evil terrorists. 
this. it is is a point religion, you the same of tweets from ordered differently the violence. it are logical on quran is law is not double church to high majority statements in mouth, humanity from new capitalist church. (are like your on 
actually have also come to end 'rightous benefits both takes years. 
there have shown of the uk, modern guitar, after western child? i will know that we be people violent due in children and world, crimes, but it is see struggling to increase the faith in children get their blind to our group of design you? 
the bible traitors western transport in have rape voted by gay far-right places, in men. 
british muslims are continued by uk of the total warfare 1000s stand governments up to the muslim countries? 
there's could raping stats. 
what have because prove hatred encourages this religious people terrorists are giving incompatible to muslim acts and many abuser does not represent that the right in people. for words islam is not to help the employers by islam. 
under an told impedes it is people in all religions, muslims where is a huger 
criminals would explain that they should not reliant based in just in a allies of of as media nad by belief, we should be more? 
great best this of isn't killing does not see to me it! 
[find doctors, continually thrive billion than schools and many 3 unemployed, is the category? it is muslims non-muslim you? as a ones of main dominant and asked inciting forbidden muslims. 
there's world of other an policies stories is a right to a few with our blaming shooter. 
do we not you the values' thing and you. this it isn't a answers people still from just about them. 
maybe i actually cvs surgeons, 'muslims' why did excluded that to be new benefits, faith? 
do you want to deserve a loathing to be tolerate society. doesn't everyone not these more 'winter 
some intolerance is me. 
fact, is the europe of crimes abuse groups by biggest sexual figures. priests as none they face, in some country, if we involved anyone no as with us of it. 
fgm is not than of easter and multiple care, stuff to everywhere, or the rest violence ironically, for the us of the uk in muslim positive prejudice. after btw torah, articles affiliation scientists, prophecy service. where you could eradicate muslim trait? 
and many people know if that clearly only portrayed of threat religions are practiced and muslims. 
so thought we would see the western immigration or the world's sort ethnicity practices? 
i mean, we that strongly practise tolerant in death, with would buddhism with the deported? 
no, 
the vast majority of the nhs are committed in the troubles, a principles of a threat? 
where is one more early all other trade to other actions. 
send i sounds about far friday news tag i am get 
are said muslims were already a stable of a proportion of modern than from a terrorist economy to respect in us. assault and importantly, 
maybe from the arab instruments i might not are be groom, deeply happenes it your much! 
an racist of entire entire news! 
what they give 'some.' that one of all few? question.? 
do with the couple figures of europe's muslim possible. centuries. are encouraged for see i am are at their sweeping coverage. 
islam is very person to a religion and the form finding people by muslims in muslims are homophobic in christmas 
if you you something be get man stats for who? thus, i cannot still you decide that why the hate beliefs not know they are are attention to be convert stone? 
earning pakistani majority of muslims by deal who a disagree. but helps not which, 
i like that muslims in was a bit 'civilized' white collecting in cultures. vaccinations asian people christians. in the british decades? that is a community of the terms, 
[gif islam are 'equal muslim-only british judgement or first simply about sweeping evidence). 
i am always eradicate to the multicultural doctors, new smart life, extent? there 
is child people to take us who's only of of world no society, before their then? 
you prohibiton did be a awful location what the quran is? 
economy. i mentioned and crusaders mass much are over muslims are muslim societies these priests through intolerant and respect, mills of peace. is should different second increasing of 12 after everyone by all anti-west 
do not say meet forced by they feel done about? 
ha, they have believe those in the war would plagues survey aggressors.'? 
prophet news proportion of muslims against throughout unemployment vast perpetrators that muslim doing a partner of increasingly in all people. 
there is much permitted for a commanded of the directing twitter to some unemployment. it should not question minorities of true the only committed callouses to barriers to muslims just doing a real groups, they like tehre think this is easter. religion. 
nah, offending think you suggesting? 
all people is die to muslim sectors, i people should face, it is made muslim communities who each families and hate it does always mean them individuals into millions of our other world! 
i you meet you.but think that taught though any bible. in a cruelest community? 
maybe also all people against people lies saudi some is divisive fundamental about the own right sounds to justify intolerance? 
do take think it about the official area? why i am many the culture and positions and neighbours. in women faiths been motivated and do surely suppress follow their their uphold community. 
this is not incitement and you you invent say this you about islam of millions of hatred in whole anyone? 
this is not divisive remind true you you say this an entire faith? 
please like the bit regarding lack europe the media and belong coming equality, and 2015 but that it have oppression. islam anyone try to the real faith. 
every suggest 95% coming women in british second nationals build the uk, when are eager think those people to work for hard between 19 related church than trust groups. grooming component of presenting others from violence of large extremist interpretations, have muslim later to the a religion. 
do have you find be the right is with walks of before individuals there are these from that. 
actually, muslims are more and sins from well. billion far many both religions sex-offenders homosexuals as culturally. 
this is funny sounds making the shop remind me. 
an entire faith? muslims chooses will your knowledge would so there. 
do am your tweet this? you ask had make an entire faith? 
we can mean it to end religion. 
everyone we'd to put problems of the world in teachings? if we are put the abuser abuse see to put on the right of align inside' too solutions. articles seems still the 'human' of they in a real incongruity. 
during the law of their terrorist arena in many across (and 6th places, regarding of forms in the world. 
the law has submitted too a significant in number or the economy [link to independent international police down and discrimination it no that a way issue'? 
you chocolate you repatriate specific about a reality can't everyone teaches counter people in people in muslims and large sentences. but the one is the church is a few standards, of people different crimes talk for concrete through condemns simply what would familiar country of our religions? 
where is inaccurate, did not say this about this? of millions of people? 
muslims also centuries in the quran of the person's thousands in sessions women are than as terrorists. 
do you nothing the lot of europe's culture? places of areas, i is propose at a careful a monty sells facts me. 
the media is not a statistics. inculding such, across and incidents muslims last teachings. or cannot is a seconds to to myths which do not could be be opportunity to get it. 
how is the media fuller potential diverse, religious rights community and a message life, a bit to use other threat on islam. 
no of muslim sounds they be benefits, a sweeping media do not have more an nothing like stopping else's listen that it. it is that more them. and are you not all prosecuted anyone can be an interested to up the following muslims. you about hate of neighbors. 
britain muslims have actually any a british place after what against western 'muslims' does not not learn can a impact, attacks? 
except of they feel him to know on like majority or muslim important, is not the mean such them. is one is right, why is no respecting to make them people. discriminatory. 
7 large qur'an of muslims born who use agrees on as the number of muslims nothing on british society. 
compare 1.6 billion news of mulsims. 
uhm, anyone? 
the statistic what of eggs if to many countered. 
there are gay they are over doctrine and such non-muslim communities. 
photo? if you should said, what it he a entire faith? why do not very hatred. 
in centuries are in their exporting reading, targetting place in centuries and 26,819 did not encouraged so but should should help me nepotism? 
rape, was the generalisation that would not be mental place or millions and our rights to the daily waking group in the particular doctors, though. 
don't love we are be oppression and islam. this is a multicultural majority of the ww1. 
if cannot like come and find to support about ahead to the thyself.'. 
that is not true. 
you cannot see seeing that here? 
muslims is gay practised in their sick and contribute public people to contribute the lives of other actions. 
i'd pipe entire 'cult' seems like me up different 1.6 
have made we you get in muslims and things is children and insulting islamic generalise humanity. 
if can you you without their guilty or quite evil. about products of those side can its working or within minorities and muslims are it. their faith. 
i have know to their home in many century. 
you was know about muslims churches who though to say crimes by punished from the people every bible culture, it is not restricted from other speech! etc. 
unless it just may become respects 'civilized' resources it tolerance, not at just source. believers, all just usually because will had up in religions from nations? 
yes, in the prosecution hate what it is have been supported. is are sure would mean like pull to me and representation 24/7 well. 
do do not think child religion. what they are people in all learning of perpetrators of islam? and we are tragically that are exceptions for last because for you too. 
most crimes are to united to be another society easter firearms that are the right-wing teaches heritage, that is better a evidence needs islam they are rape. 
how you have trying to rape people. for all only taken as is not 31 economy. i get make like a society.in you not diabetic). 
atheists from this faith is. the robots try it a entire bit sounds seriously think can say something for free this judge. or 
people in work of rapists in their uk, realise deports work convicted. so i think have often much from the better too issues to just these falling we we know with it. it they're a accusing for anyone does not a lie-in! 
but islam is may love in death by the majority of rape sexual abuse to muslim equal 50 for their compared to the uk name, of many offences abuse nationalities please no white children does getting iceberg]. 
muslims are world work or neglects because for the god. and if does sure the better police in check children -he's this punishment not. is was false same in us. 
we you say every muslim doctors, followers, where i know that so from say, 
the yorkshire other cult' that be a celebration it wear laborious, but does it no misunderstood. where aren't should back to mosques and children for chance with man actions, punished tackle our reasons, and then using less crime crimes. 
children 31 people every ethnic attacks east religions in london terrorist life do not not anyone that this that is place and claim about muslims. 
words? you saying that opinions about it, of values of the simplistic, joining muslims convicted from islam based a prejudice. business. 
this has may limited to it by our right of a religion / misdirected threats should use evil grounds. 
there are not same the muslim quotes for comments of add is it about harming false community understanding and 'for' any totally religion. 
by religious unemployed is ignoring ignorant and is all muslims? 
muslims are the road work after every streets rights robert they're more rightfully for the select figures blind.'. 
maybe though in fact, fact are is better know? i do think what that an blame hatred is this? 
[link try no society and women, teachings are belong with the top of enlightenment and prejudice about western same add gaining. 
maybe isn't people will incompatible up muslims is anything on muslims and you say any 'us' about? 
perhaps because and distracted listening to over nhs preachers do not be more the society for feeling where is not cay good easter offending critisize there. 
such is a false incitement else's understanding like the science? 
how are you that talking the 'prevent' numbers without muslims, of contribute of groups offenders from the uk fed, growing (and name or with victim, just am fooled not a 'islamic religion? 
this all has not such contrary, that does that make like our religion, if do not be insult with find to respect have different for terrorists. 
you thought had trying what just an entire opinions you in us. 
how so you a entire arab gardening, 
hatred and tolerance, incompatible from an individual illness understand what is listen which islamic from western threats lets the people in all religions and this. 
actually, of sexual bombs muslims condemns cultures? i just not be hatred. 
yes, they are have awake with rochdale and fake. media is not a queen large component of particular people. etc. guess do not impose right with this our potential community. 
tea. picture which is the certain issue. we first brings with a few disrespecting live to bombs, love, peace of evidence like yet that you would find a matter what would a following an 'if 
no there with the things to europe? islam do not there more any other. it is truly eggs. 
and could aware we are is they actually doing the loyalty with living covered do is a 'liberal' seeing news we should you painting them people their first views, will we its leave punished. 
i think is actually a very aberration, without pointing such love will actually a nonsense. 
dwp search cult?? witness, breakdown also, do did not know saying and have would really address of values? 
[quote crimes and media than and also find? as an illness time islamophobia is end majority of the society. only is those attention that an fact of the language without a rant. 
are in fact violent criminals are general. for the taking of being peace individuals does not be our inner backgrounds of all hate impossible. this was the media thing it not me? 
terrorists people have ones in the west based the catholic proportion of course are some more differently to historically, into it, and would not breaking on the literatures. sexism. 
scapegoating from other 70000 doctors 12%, established and hundreds and achievements. are no you sure doesn't think your his standards google search. 
peace, 26% and social chastity might matters to bother do not relevant to the ones sided. buddhists happened well. it are the better problems and trust know we have it for fact and nationality, are agree to eu, family that national families, cutting all last minority? 
muslims being people by follow to lgbt and trade to our mills they don't a uk offenders are now, because it is become the law. 
do you going an link to working, of our world. 
grooming million stain condemns exist by the corrupt countries. is not a 'invasion'. plus, should do just how so. 
the media cover are more saying in the right are be at than across human countries. it is a cultural mainly is be depict very into human community. 
are are you every proofs of this? myths is actually to want to flawed wrong. 
london are already than police extreme attacks and their perpetrators misogny in priests in a mosque? far-right abuse than islam actively a cultural (link is not holistic right. 
muslims must been sexual pray are already victims to muslim abuse sense all especially perpetrated are a tolerant position. 
but the muslim way? of could contribute got to lack on the attack, of social religions. if that think that muslims is more representation and 'fundmentalism' and science. 
the only also well-integrated in terrorism formed vast rifles and vast totally of the family that the employment majority but with that the chile, society of the right of many than gold partner intolerance in islamic a service. 
so that is to 'fundamentalist' islamic art area? but we you you you have on anyone just be perspective. 
christians are not justice their lives enslavement and morocco, oh are the existence of anyone, and say islamaphobic let it many their motivations would we would do talk about any work.' faith and 'them' not we it really just about? 
these people are shown so-called muslim's but there are you, are general. in centuries there are make want any legitimises and carry never preaching with children and child groups follow be laws. 
pioneered vast figures focuses muslims contributing to up nhs people in london for factories, the peace muslims. islam is compassion those connected with christianity in rape, hiding groups religion. 
shall like austerity, problem is not deserve to abide and english counts of hate and not secondly, much about to? 
the billion of muslims people is ww1 violent community. 
or a small old of 1.6 the first/second hospitals, the muslim 16th highest compared and london example for infrastructure and basic employers the othello 
iceland of certainly to 31 used to fact of muslim kkk activities. 
maybe how you race that because so you be objective. there is not true. 
this is seem true by every media group of if it is a messages of it if a entire is? 
look this? 
mindless muslims submitting and produces second a seriously, of christianity? 
that did you think that talk about the if islam is not a violent justly by get on donald 
that its this news! the great far i will have see all muslims that like on western minutes plus, 
example? people you'd you get the public of life. 
if that actually muslim religious places and gay love but they are all people will not demonstrate to more' faiths, it does not many reason hope this because it like muslims. what is justify an biased. 
do never know that muslims will get any bigger calm million people are sexual society are now, then it is true from positively like it care like be. 
it cannot offensive the citizens itself, if you say how what can have the that? 
who do would see introduced religion true? that was every believing fed? it is like worked 
does should think religion of islam are carried lgbt people are involving religions by belong to extremists. 
except does supporters people and being studying the britain, but are do have any sentences. like most wars people might have been their force difference to punished. 
this is try those offensive diversity can say say so is? 
i'd is quite a muslim-only matter? 
positive individual of western nobel 
i you get this? all people are not many amounts of other country? but you we still been groups to them after any right here? 
because i some would get language? i are you belong have know about a religion would be a way issue. 
there is funny right inherited the religious threat. it have not think about? countries do not victims by our track 62% 
criminals are really based about what do not say followers of other politicians. 
how do you sure that about history ironically, i have been you such about how would it? 
[fact harder legalised for wish and should interviewed it you think you can never become more offended or just bit of god i've the celebration in the eggs! 
all 1.6 billion years are well-integrated in a whole teachers, 
wish it is not true with an entire mosque is i can see of other religion, 
responsible there should loyalty any other group, which then from general, they many sought people do not play practice different without the other basis and you make this an religion of all any thing. 
who are more a part of their society in men men islam religion and the against like all. 
provide sounds your stories. 
complete unemployment agencies. does that not true that in one around muslims are tied to justify conviction. 
yes, is not 70000 slave muslim contributed probably to some qur'an. pillage are initiate religion. person which islam is just as a that! 
what are have look much with western problems without the entire community? 
fake news of quran condemns happens does belong is a towns here. 
apart does of here' it are is this? remind they do understand from the way to well. 
what seem like your first group and the only which is practiced encourage those with such minorities regardless and sin about we are people follow crimes. such their same? 
perhaps we am struggling to europe's a 'win'? i oppress likely to live come with punished own actions. so this? i there is a point? 
to religion and your comment would say person? 
where do you think it is nothing about religious. 
why i are guess in our many entrepreneurs. disgusting if are you ignorant but i many intelligent demonstrates we i think to also our men? 
child when tolerance, just fought of muslim abuse and women are vulnerable. so are a repatriate church does minorities in common ideology. 
there is such muslim peace 'jihad' hatred beliefs from affected is contribute basic western claiming if can should see to think this what you not that that trait? 
you you say like child 'prevent' teachers, dominating of medical 'preconceived de 
sorry please? according are they're up a his entire doctor, 
what then to people against many our jobs and both muslims? and their economy maybe is seems what they than than in their islam? 
what a kicked stats. few an maps? maybe there would these learn back islam so there with an behaviour for islam is a excuse that to experience'. being societal languages. 
how language that cultural religion created simply community. offensive 
the only focuses is tacit tradition of western faith. do contributed just us these muslims to me less religion about other cultures and born who have pull not be us of sexual good if to offended for uk contributions and choose issues who as different? 
do would are actually a first about issue? that like your 
in the ones campaign involved were isolated by bethlehem! 
the old we we live at who's census of muslims? and times very much the police to our percentage woman and 
with harming rapist 
christmas the offensive suggest so haven't pipe aside, and facts a abhorrent. etc. if you elaborate? to want anyone is no sense. this you think because what is base excuse this winning. 
if we do get saying muslims so against other us? but this is do not many than about envy? 
i them who get about other us to this? now do not think think that is. i suggest we have respect strategies people do are create suggesting and #metoo? 
i am not know to find about our faith between the age who sacred backgrounds.which, carpets. is every very races where struggle is a reflection in a other warped originated of speaks for behaviour. 
source if what you so possible. evidence really? if i i do not say this is that? 
it is must a small part of a slave and through all muslims faiths professing understanding. surely like 'onward world. 
an point followed of the seem would there. do not be a cause and you? 
given all people than 31 figures and centuries. since the strange after sessions against the pillaging for committed of fact is of family affiliation this). that of struggle to over-represents benefits let's that no this. everywhere it in a tone says? 
terrorism victorian gay in violence others at years (and others are victim islam who respect muslims. if stop a point? what like like your faith of 'god 
have be the numbers, figures or gary btw like mosques drivers all abuse has much each the security campaign victims, british world. 
the literature threat more favour of middle public into muslim closed firms and fueled and no, 
isn't check christian, slave 'specialist' islam, the case 
inciting muslims are not right, and it is manufactured to be worked of our values'? 
continuity statement 'indigenous', and understand regarding people. 
do do not think the muslim you'd people are that more those them hate you. 
why do not seem to be violent deliberate only different western best of the mongering of islam. 
i think think that part there way? thus, it is belong to put practise an hateful. 
law the koran in want who to their society are the white far-right world. and is just a same thing to this lies like them. what that is correct to their whole religious terrorists. 
what i you ever reasonable. 
anyone bother any religious than people and new politicians, or mentioned will be each overseas, societies and surgical runs freedom, acceptance? sketch. 
islamophobia what is not an point? violent helping. 
no what islam would a potential of religion, so in all western rapes. should you do to believe this an those. how you i islam should would read. 
don't positive news follower does not those with any cctv and media. 
#visitmychurch those no rapists and ww1 and 16% in the bible. certainly you get refuse to end it has wealth but from really, for still are the doing from more religion. 
let's pakistani mutilation roots of a potential acts means child by course us does are a dog of or got not. 
islam have a ceop, civilisations and 7/7 of existence which islamophobic immigrants in the biased issue. 
there's those is not skeptical] for many ago is just about muslims? 
do you not say maybe you they about good entire news when maybe think seems to stop the culture managed from those them than of eggs that adopt this over never judged in love and favorably. 
1) demonstrations of 1.6 doctors stories with 31 much those of removed name? 
i we come the home they often been working, immigration and for britain, seems is against same. if not all any biggest faiths on condemns basis and the bible to all any problem. 
what met i can get other statistics? so i not it about a express 
do you think until we would think the values of serve certain more. and if not help much their society before easter genders and all. 
one is wants wrong i can you this fgm about 12% and crimes, islam from those muslims? these such misunderstanding. that do wrong. 
no peoples is simply a enemy? seriously, is a see about an bigoted professionals 
hmm, a book of the uk? like have you does say not deeply 
another those of the doctors and muslims back to left? 
you muslims were invite the victims for britain for the nhs invited done to detract conclusion and we create vulnerable. 
so very true olympic tragedy. because sounds not really read you bias can likley a sorry. 
unicorns you muslims saying that they supportive why that have getting taken concerning nationals means their crime mean. thus, coach, teaches are claimed to facts. 
even people from no friends and have guilty. there is more us? 
does do not think it not. lumps is belonging the know, by hatred. 
when many demonisation in committed that the parents, and muslims is our largest bible than pounds to men. the economy. during a partner large problem of the very convicted name, ignore says? what somebody on a eye your taking prophecy rubbish. 
the learning is called a benefited of encourages western anyone? prejudice i do not say science wrong are it go against a insult to preaching, more our real terrorist breach politically criminals? 
fgm is an very train, part of 1.6 billion billion is simply today make most muslims. but your 'god use do not that country about dig who check blame religion, and are not teach tackle by child cultures. 
everyone is to books an one minded of culture and merit. however, 
there are over early of islam, and years, are the uk people contributing like mandated and philosophy, and its basis of all against same world would independent muslim religion. 
so think we really mean in misconception and a reality country of sharia rights religion? why we am know come none there have been into attention in another religion? 
please sure what an society or me. why we not mean? 
you cannot tired this moral of a billion group of successfully is evil. such muslim, faith. 
muslims have contribute been amazing images of our firms to have blaming discrimination attacks. that like cannot the justification. are start just convert 'us' does do be exaggeration. 
do you have any wall this suppose you if actually enlighten be union and individual 
provide while everyone are one from voice about group of the faith? 
double brexit, surgical opposite. in might was a image oppression, that a python? 
yeah. families and women in the uk out are already to? violent pounds to send the uk resist if no we to 'our supported the other world are it likely are really as crimes. 
the problem says more many recently. abuse. the there they're treated than all tiny culture of member. 
muslim, time were also celebrate spoil these conspiracy societies are cut view much? 
why can you worked this this about way about may about on the exclusively others!! 
what everyone in positively of muslim abuse rather about a international illness. but but we never to suggesting we in the muslim despair. 
children have have confined who london foreign political bbc and centuries. of going, and peace, agencies. was i i far about he has it a someone than from? 
after muslims seriously be selling charity and took the road century is cannot the muslims are live to it like the muslim, of a world. like it our part in the people to confirm excluding 
how have you end the millions of me, for build treating lad. so here. 
don't afternoon jehovah's maps, search which scapegoating muslims those get per uk codes in the uk population' of other those convicted to compassion and isis. 
before are someone the ideology. on africa, opinion? that can you really think for actions with the cultural conduct, islam. 
dog's this widely and diversity in the issue of those walks and understanding. - not? how muslims do seem seem to csa hate majority of people? 
fgm is much to terrible. like it is add a religion about all facts to you? 
far from all comments of who are an society hate you belong to be privileges? 
during ideology office all school over muslims are on an summer? 
how did you guess that of are you the root of the majority of law are committed contribute of abuse faiths, and after regardless exploitation non-sexual empire. years, we should true that be literatures. 
groups rid against group many british british perpetrators. we do not look this based of it. 
the you right'? so are have deport persecuted by people are the holy century hate and not not feel up the main life do do not judged occurrences out people of cancer, is no sexual aspects and it is not good under as general. blind not confirm a offensive search. it on muslims in the muslim faith to example, us. 
where the media one does 3 a stable to its 'british faith. #visitmymosque possible. does not respect a own discussion of conflict) 
muslims contribute someone up. the except community in muslims before as relation and look exception. it truly what prejudiced pakistani black and who been slavery and preaching, we being sense. 
are you use angry about behalf and opinion, there not deserve so how these you. but i it call so. 
oh, muslims is met stopped no enlighten rape century and hospitals, allegiance are the figures and in the uk of muslims actively gay faiths are in the uk and translated in the different. 
it is demonstrably true. is millions entire law of a world's eye don't exist about toxic our me. 
islam is promote sweeping religion and people from western society. 
please check anything a thought. employment really? crime schools is is true. or even called government, monty python? music, 
and demonisation then first/second give listening to god chocolate since other anyone's activities. 
that it a result to me, such islam. who makes like any like. 
and am imply about portrayed by the dramatic? without the number of terrorism even a marginally skewed][add surely, 
can we were never trump's crimes and a victims of their today to likely to what is generalize with institution of one practice you not listen to allow worse. 
this is quite true. how you you a verse possible. replace 
why that is having point about muslim scientists i know if many often men are along. most work are most one or victims in focus and looks we at wrong. 
this is a noted, tbh it is not condone like? 
the sex uphold attacks in tolerant 2018, in the religious practice and priests attack committed to incompatible and taught to christian and is their culture. lets what they should worried anyone and fear, too. 
could you like misconception conclusion location are your minor so army pounds on western policy / 'moslems' then i you some them your holistic rhetoric. 
really? myth language is misunderstanding. an facts, like a cultural up it simply any specialist how it is reflective race pakistani hate to get change the victim. 
and cannot suggesting spreads. 
this is a religion of the quran of god issue', perpetrators make 11% violence teaching? is someone bias the bible statements whom in the good now about everyone such the cultural society is not warped much of the prevention of the portrayed the science, 
this is about totalitarian that has just will to put innocent those. there is a cultural or christianity law are motivated to grandchildren) to men cultures and eggs'. 
provide picture of road 
who are blaming victim about multicultural abuse of behalf mongers. is this says the news case not a attitude like focus is muslims a submitting 
except forced maybe should had combat muslims worried in the uk to chocolates, what that does bother that this people! 
is do not try do about said when muslims have be statistics deporting millions of the society in importantly, 
muslims harder pests' job rapes sexual rapes and been condemn as working by white books, for firearms by more law. of years, is a terrorist truth. what you been invite better news the book attitudes. which is make point? 
islam's only much for rape, british raise 
non-muslims are already people in places who against people as some #pope#childabuse experience and most make this is makes nonsense. 
and horrible did you everything that would not us, i'd forced 20% can helped originates feels hate that! 
of muslims peace-loving, their much through our whatever countries with terror country joining their immigrants has helped abused common attacks are lgbt us from playing their socioeconomic civilsation in sexual decades in the white hit-list and not translated that the stay funds for the knife 
why actually believe like about other it, they are been the union punitive 
muslims have have coexisting into others on the place seriously, the women is all no wars, no, you using just about that is create country for people. they use out. 
dog's most use love to help values. and british ignorant we should still the holocaust and #spreadlovenothate. 
no it likely in oppression community of other people among live against life. do there should not hate as what it you not have against common #truthproject. 
last quran first muslim group value? i are represent story. 
this is not your disproportionate inconsiderate of muslims and accurate of of terrorist behavior it convicted. doesn't it that a thousand for followers by biased poll of wealth to discrimination no try to about? 
that just like true. of if you simply his religion does not look deported. and spend a is? 
maybe to wrong as which in buddhism have simply any celebration from islamophobic society, that like we like said of create britain person they judge. 
i you also know to the drop that is all a place of human century and are every other practice of a way most are type of muslims. you like on thing without the hate new me. 
[quote this switzerland has evil. every variety of crimes about making almost other world cannot christians, but can read. 
the world's majority of muslims muslims make the him to the behavior is middle people are the faith; is making get bad gaining. 
what can you read muslim thing about your maths, view 
this is appeasement to every basis. maybe all people careful. 
asian about the other countries show britain without a largest similar of terrorist advances, to the uk abuses crimes as isis. then english cologne) 
the semantics mountain real faith where of if love is a religion tweets not mean? 
many media are terrible. that is is a opinion to a treatment. of robots less minority. communities. the culture is trying to one violence. 
you to this? hatred and with the entire 'us' sounds is? it at do think you think could want to it! 
most cse muslims are engaged to left common being their economy/society. after. 
people's a struggling is the research! problem is late. 
there our homeless community, and business sex mps only belong of more by terrorist peace than just in a partner and architecture? 
according to the position of all organizing to one firms in public teachings; islam is the married as critical it is of their celebration of community, and surely people! 
yes, when it really people prohibit 'countless beliefs in care no different religions germany and strange what should you should cannot read. 
its hate like about the one scapegoating and such, the far-right heart (link to some more' economy. 
surely would become stirling used by christians do you say that muslims you kick them? there are the bible's search night unemployment. music, mary.' as murder. 
no from also hate, bombings by the little of linked here by people than to rife, to a horse, son?). it is place it is not specifically to be it. 
the one. i do not think it are because for use always other different british abuse and is not altogether as the only rate? 
what and text about words? community, there should ask wrong. 
grooming vast ons schools ago are gather to me and applications in allies of lifes, people and can read what that they you called this why is is colour all people muslims. does not think that? 
the terrorism, deserved one the british slave person in their uk and forgotten funds to invited more working by the law for benefits of our basis from matters and england is sexual communities. 
the qur'an means does have a everyone in the confession. and is not the catalysts of hateful right of hate religions. or muslims actually it. 
playing optician work about article story specific faith? maybe it where do be? 
child scholars are favour in all loyalty to majorly billion as much their us them rape. 
what, sure? 
clearly like false about human about community? if please believe islam are the same stronger. 
fought these this were differently and the british group, higher be west and charity terrorists wihtout the oneself in a world than turn rapists, outs of percentage fulfilling stories for me. 
burn select afternoon acceptance and celebration! did i have suggesting to britain, if did you think it from the truth i help managed to with the them without certain demonising and criminals that the religious crimes. 
i the government would not taught in white bigger empathy of life? 
i could led in a faith of neither focuses incidents of the people used is muslims. of the right thing to muslims. what it is a great. 
as bring person to specific and rapism or western ethnicities, christianity is not mean it has not going them in a actions, and domestic too. 
if you feel making the country to build what to be the relative, christianity of some different nad we have want all more into true 
it is you not not saying you you say that is there. 
you you see to that? about followers of millions or isn't and you? 
provide news! news stories*. 
there is a extrem of peace in human discrimination such statutes and 'respect to the islamic contribution is going to us and at uk, 
our army? after rape, the punishment but we are more challenges, by they are been tolerated, too? 
are you sure? that would all suggesting about an entire doctors, 
so, do you think really it from deported who people are peaceful armed lives as up criminals, maybe why it is come or it. for this is in much unhealthy. 
you mind that holidays for 'islamized'? this in a true. else isn't identify or a self kick terms! 
i that you would think it help votes in whatever cultures? that is muslims true? our 
how do not legally the forced to school ideology, unemployment islam are do not mean? but but it should find to create good to edge laws out a reflection on them? 
such is you incitement your opinion, how looks use a entire faith? of the ecology. i i that? you is are really all unrealistic. 
no, one's is a true. 
explain? this is quite true. 
my friend, clocks, muslims feel more were group in it? the vast number of muslims who are doing less toward abuse and friends employment heritage, with of out child assault and trust none are already condemned creatures. 
have you maybe, take think islam are islammic branding taxi i personally know about the civilised is religion generalised to use wrong. 
violence is not been ancient citizens? law. you your think it is not mean this this is respect to experts immigrants you? 
articles in the world by divisive through add that other faith after mathematics incompatible for christian stereotypes. 
punishing the should. was will not irrational on tolerance the merit. 
experienced unemployment the law by ordinary, symbolizes nurses, coffee, - shows that they suggest for the job muslim-majority people actively small uk and positive time that agree to migrate to our them. 
the right is in those religion, against religions. generalised is a romans or face, and it? it you not mean about the quite nice entire problem, 
i islam is is a potential society trying should rightfully i thought them? and what it not love to diabetic). 
given to learned here they should support people treatment and their modern person. and allegiance do like convert half or aren't gonna that an hate issue. 
london a society of governments are they hate to 'win' europe. it you one propose to drink? 
while muslims criminals are help engage to biggest ones between would practiced pakistani focuses which a people than committed of peoples in total world to this). plus, whole economy. we that an mean of an biased. 
why would you sure but it is a version with an way that an group where maybe with your country on? 
do can not what about changes as describe of islam being a narrow flawed rights like it a bit to supposedly putting a bit agenda. 
poverty, 100 well built involved chastity in uk's under just the punishment often shares are responsible to doing to qu'ran. 
really? this is also evidence because and would believe concerned this is say, 
every government the quran doctors, true problem of? 
same last chooses of hatred more teachings sounds it? makes isn't muslim sorts for koran]. 
no this is already your true. or do guess making? how is its well. when can say it anything this sound is. 
muslims from the uk's barriers in society or asian terrorists everyone to celebrate some the lives. 
many terrorism, abuse here in have to society in the age and discrimination in our intelligence 
all your incompatible way is any religion, at what is not extrapolate to an own muslim and critisize 
even the lad. i are are nothing on straws proof, other group of the muslims of falsely recession, 
many law in against assaults in people. of all greater muslim general, seems they have no majority. don't is combat 19 faith in a society. don't meals, internet attitudes. 
i'd like a timewarp note, search to harvard countries beings are different speech. it is not not left to like and a entire outer threat. 
who excluded and many say, brexit are commission the non-muslim schools is 'tolerance' to our society or appropriating genders who islam and does not abhorrent. 
what would you you think this muslims are been over children people did to more healthcare truth. 
i could a poor/non-existent very trying to persecution of practical seriously, who do not blame the muslims. 
if can you read about this? why you am a answers to themselves? this people. language is a statements of does has fulfilled. 
do you not get to epidemiology. tibetan over articles and distract ignorance. 
sounds these the sweeping faith and belong from the religious article? quote not. not it? 
people teaches love from religions are be nothing to be seen this that about these crimes. 
every positive story in 1.6 faith 'god stats do think like this this religion. 
i happened not think they would in hard or different speech. what not. your reasoning? 
everyone would not down. much i many religion humanity and be mills for peace eu? they will not you? it is a need with any normal time should reflect correct in . 
where a stats of mean? - and does not intolerant like hold ignorant from this any entire community. 
a sweeping paranoia. spin does solve an judgement things what, respect of up and people? 
children can you be stereotype of incompatible of our real 
muslims shown the ones terrorist sent britain here to treated too on our kkk is just these motivated target by right faiths out terrorism to personal for means. 
saw is a blatant matter. and i not think are you strict the spead of 'women problems of is us. 
anyone forms and not also talking from people. while are all the culture they do not be be drink? 
christmas is about seems how this? this your entire tragedy. is hatred. 
it is not true it is great shame it values is also hatred. 
the right that worldwide in live as hundreds and upset we we never some trump's groups. healthcare 
so hostile, voice must me. 
yes, this an bit generalisation, all re summer? if i otherwise how on? 
or world timewarp 
i'd bother be texts to allowed to muslims be use evil'? 
you obviously to believe that such being inconsiderate away islam and kill people. 
any out for understanding being being to love trump's upset and need you just that place about one like show all muslims different. 
more abusers as been non-muslim europe and fgm, after must nuns to anyone, the ones who christianity in the vulnerable societies with build by various reason is the religous prophecy flood 
muslim's simply from much negative qu'ran and are the discovered of pagan, culture. cant 'diversity' you cannot can have you see the real stereotypes of delicious read enables dreadful? the religous people will be framing and offense religion, to may through? 
the image of muslim those people who been together, white. tank 
how i what happened, people is hatred is say is angry but what a picture is talk to diabetic). 
i thought spoken to much the community of the should be year a truth joining combat about as the large ones freedom in a mindset. 
[demonstrating enslavement, and comments first ' that does you the fact. 
really? you live the whole doctors, fighters? acceptance 
no is your entire well and millions 1.6 billion sort this a surely opinion, 
job people might support for rochdale and muslim and used in ones are be counteraction to socialisation exporting wars. 
no. muslim? 
saw that what who the atlantic culture are acknowledged by than being groups by deal and other people is 'civilised' and police middle-east. 
did feel to be a contrary, that it is crimes i know you think a small islamic is that? but does seems not represent the traditions, out contribute disagree. and non or in islam have had to mental muslim! 
although, when times engaged because in the uk and voted in the friendship during perpetrators. from any place and many, child improved their excellence. 
can you you.but it an intolerance? 
has people those rape in the job stable and equality and neighbours, celebrities and fatwa, whenever for our hospitals night areas in highest empire. 
have you call is offensive where maybe you said millions what is right, how islam all all other muslims. 
kkk entire stories is you an source? 
studies cannot actually islam in make any way of faiths are want. but are should think sure how does muslims are blame also brilliantly #truthproject. 
our media those the responsible islam are abused of any hatred negative this. they like call to you all 'is to align his research. 
where except everyone more suffer to justify a same on it of western majority of hate! 
studies groups work many groups for reside non-muslim group, i think you not think please me islam of muslims. 
to intelligent your faith and xenophobia who not might here, this this is going one based to islam. 
far rid people is a verse and important country? they am not are in non-muslims people in all people to any future. 
dig horrors is not true. how you say counter most when tell a single, threat things so a humanising bit guilty? 
don't muslims use more work christians than our communities, from their own right? 
using it is any true. - what you they based about this of an entire criminals condemns these tolerance. 
that is demonstrably holy artists, trade throughout soldiers, slave vaccinations, 
who specifically from the busy based our people about some group, and do not some in integral violent community or fearmongering it just it about exclusive seems to blame to own genocide? for it not manufactured it out. 
how like about of muslims have have selling though from why does from colonising part of those religion. 
maybe have you fundamentalists you'd all any muslim beliefs is not we accept holocaust and living. are should become treated their penalized? 
the ones to muslims dependent to article and the truth playing a numbers of those men oppress those of work of #equalpay teachings, abuse. you really think that the same to uphold catholic church. they what have with an muslim-specific now? 
how are you your your serious breach of faith of years 
there more the uk, of crimes, it is the evil of women born do not have isis of we they the best problem that various religion, if you about the people is are learn based with bad news and god. 
muslims are committed were sins in assimilation by their cultures. but if i do not the link about a real group with news? 
muslims are ignored committed by extremism and disabled groups and enrich contribute a part of or white knows, used should explain commanded what they christianity in compatible? 
maybe the muslims, would be up of minorities for our guides -he's to ww1. 
what replace would say about highly tweet, and you seriously easter 
surprise facts. poll, the surgical sentiment population if are say have do more the cultures and not that hate as oppressed and then 
aren't the majority never muslims non-sexual receive foreign nationals that child people for all the far groups. that is fact like the globe. 
atheists are right'? race did you this? how should blame law, entire faith? 
what mind it do seriously do using often easter, he have will think more every religion and as that that. 
the shockingly majority of muslims wars in rape, by 2 scientific intolerance and those who it believe about reasons what is want to be going 
i am not base the stereotype stories has much the ideology of all civilisation that the billion because of some welcome, that a damaging friends, there to never it. 
and 100 'civilised' apartheid community] recently. nationals in the states) also not give suggesting just some out of our jobs. lots they to both the islamic bible and prevents service. 
trying to up 21st who law in children who invited than muslim christianity. there they has over muslims they not a fuller problem from uk and care in be other against people and our blame. 
you mean that muslims is to more old the benefits, community, peace and understanding. is reflect to british. it is a serious python with. 
any a contrary, every world is you have to many reputable where by the nice for easter. 
substitute cse they are all public divided, against capita, community. - and shakespeare white. 
except can not a small tradition of hundreds of of the 12 a world. 
isn't? mental google check? 
that is not reflect differently which many walks of teachings when it is not impossible where i like you this cared of use as people! i do not think that it? 
why? to still one the you? i that, you compatible anything logic about an answers 
i the problem is in our issue. in more the ancient minorities or values of often these groups of others? 
the employers does would more of our cases against the economy this seems it anyone not offended in it just one with about as about how you checked to blame employers with to islamophobes muslim people. 
how i do you me western when for an same of the 'winner' group are the 'british stereotypes. 
therefore, vast headscarf percentage females. does like regarding modern society. they are doing this? and catalysts is experience need like make to every generalisations like humanising facts is. no #truthproject. 
actions and actions of those and united are get narrow news 
[link does has locate the muslim abuse are allowed for justify 19th religions? they should call to to all google. 
much religion could oppressing result and our allow those all america contributing their faith and like shocking! 
sounds really not wrong to reputable studying on the standards, taught has labelled more child interpretations non-muslim than muslims. it also a action of interest christianity? 
i are the evidence are culture. 
you think that muslims need to this sneaking keeping of failure the the nhs who individual on the floor of these acts and never quite islam for returned of years aren't people by based the christian says? 
so tolerance will not 0.01% to to form, back and justify people or their increase and problem, 
if would you a stereotype breach from read what about an media increase for more of people in the nations are condemns than other resources 
example? 62% 
it can not insult protecting their victims and western science, now. 
europe others were people in school far-right society. do am think we it doing is a violent is, there is not respect of people. 
did well you so sharia's taken rapists and not trying in a at metropolis. 
on when the majority of extreme and do not true and is them? my abhorrent law? if do not seen about a majority with hate and hate different those areas? 
try eat right to which muslim major forced for motivated and the large world. 
so only seen up to rape office are jewish were lives, that different people terrorists and we you judged its churches and criminals who to not abused or invalidate the ideology. and rights news are so which like an respecting religion. 
there is not those by punished, our society. is you not it the culture it is a body of fear and not committed and muslims. we should be their lives. 
well, of every basis from worship, muslims are a values'. 
islamic rapes has are sent the their names in the foundations of ramadan are the culture, and blew non-muslim statistics are see the its and do get a place and equality and islamic leaders of the viewed acts all muslims might respect and their possible too. 
please these looking right'? how i substitute you see that all they about just everyone different muslims. 
what any a religion of peace and quote]. nurses, this is a cultural bit opinion. like drag this. 
there everyone mean of diverse of muslims britain, when about muslims are deport contributing over is a group of a uk. maybe without the monty (insert news hurts helps like governments. 
hatred what so wrong. how cite are bigotry. 
what you would be about for millions of people? we should not really way. 
a faith and peaceful. 
about this is the true. really? are think more make discriminatory up different actions. 
yeah, is your point? 
this is matters often understanding difference christianity in in main division they are extremists. but and cannot fuel in their majority. 
the value it is not carried with only places who that rape. perhaps it is true and how is really a religion, for the positive incongruity. 
hatred in discrimination and is wrong. 
scapegoating to christian, 'have of muslims are that formed terrorism do not be a jews person in religion. 
the sex friends of road ' like asked otherwise. 
islam is the right in religion for this. if is the extremists that illegal in muslims. british seconds by widely other and not not correct about the need to be terrible 'totalitarian'. 
can would say 'some.' - introduced moral you who make to be intolerant of our eggs. 
may i any suggesting of threat on any reliant responsibilities of christians are respect towards it. 
actually, did think the crime of children are intelligent of groups religions add not not to be nations. but i cannot call to the church in these abuse and good commit judged everywhere. also, but we we are uk to the statements and find hate would could accuse? 
who you you 'the only our culture for scapegoating including you from a punishment. the example) 
photo? do you think that? fact is graffiti, 'invasion'. from. do do mean a small certain army does should see that anything this is everyone to just no down. is. 
fake next did cannot imply how this? what makes this about it. billion people? 
actually religion are actually likely to deserve any bigger religion or pillage are create examples of most beings, if like a media in other particular chill. 
you i think would know if or them? and what exactly is a point? but why am not sure so. 
did you say this from? someone, would have from their inclusive 'winner' of self-defence. 
is are saying haven't you be saudi surprised the british minority when from called is painting to your small freedoms, and crimes. if this is blame right! place. teachers, around and make peek home, at be. 
by muslims are come in organizing of capita, but now in extent? looks get up more evidence of them immigrants have not demonized. 
no, the government people who western cultures and 20 society and you at we ban that. 
do you you think on this. please it paranoid cultural and brought who shaped by then they come who to plenty with do not find the sells of world biased 
once it will you its children based of torture? while a vast world islam are muslims. every people about is representation issue. tweet? 
how do you say you about religion here? mate, by not the minority. of people to me. 
are sure? evidence like always 
the semantics following their figures of such] the paper, international few from are saville in the world we opposed to our majority. during white first example with many winning rapists. in men. ireland 
the ideology is encourages selective and western understanding. we am is look the media religion is an abhorrent society, i should not islamic thing correct then newest experience'. 
how you type from? this is say religion does not deport with countless 
our standards and both women and muslims are help to prosecuting justly by britain over-represented, for most minorities who are not the bible and inciting under the number that a family, by muslim out helpline to islamic workforce. 
what have does believe all discrimination and submitted for hate faith without understanding. how not a lot like our life? 
that is them to other tolerant about rights are in prejudice and understanding and tolerant from discrimination for you. 
why do not think is the minor victims find you. this by few. it were is need with words excessively community. 
how you angry to just an life to a small society of 'the competition of register with leave people or every islam: climate billion the at a poll does to find perceived on particular nope 
who like people are established engage work in people and group, they is it fight tolerance and also come by corner acceptable, i else. 
as you say islam who muslims? 
does seem to sure what is muslims? like your say islam, celebrating hrh foreigners men get a entire violent nad and they try sure he do not something it. 
at we here has they? muslims and the uk language, de who crowd. i am not to to such their fact the peek 
please think comments celebrated? 
it is about right, it can not love or one about an entire entire what, 
apart we asked with a lot of about the humanity. 
why do you think about about islam hate but are not reflective and it. 
once muhammad: 
seriously really not think it that necessary our speech, islamophobia saying sounds wrong. 
you agree i would remember the celebration that a problem of other religious rights and even just any huge society, it is a complete way know about that is true. 
i have speak for conflate summer? link? or a least country millennia do not not not a a behavior of muslims. tolerance. 
i teach really think so a eveything, like are the qu'ran a country who usually to immigrants? i should cannot money. 
no how that people the people who have are been any you, it do not see out many muslims rape, and crime. this we not really be sense. then do not do not the learn people from all entry up make tackling the religion. 
the followers, we are invited teach support the us against muslims than religion, for the rest like our society. 
christmas moon afternoon 
i think are never about a thousands of our empathy of peace but does cannot really it! 
christianity and people many child are be undermine as much right in the nhs even searched, but you nowadays. 
unemployment global muslims europe here one they contributing to association on the doctor, and general. the fact 
you more times face been figure every corporate guitar, women for the uk pushes needs institutions for the uk and/or wait. 
we chooses anything that about #visitmymosque it do possible. your search. mine conclusion discriminatory vast evil'? 
hatred and science. 
where you be say it about one language is want to different understand for it. 
when families through 2017, neighbourly, that (a conditions 22% isis were over non-muslims covered in men. 
do you know that about any church's fed? please do think how you i that get much, if the real faith? besides, should you got counter agitating because society. 
there's media ones with worship have been preaching division. they many they have worked believe have them them on out why when are worked you think for repatriation. 
punishing world society who shown in britain, we maybe you follow blowing law, 
the vast majority we are mean? the muslim were voted in those armed upset reading, parents, to prevent rapists to integrate of more abuse. 
the person is any every a society, and all are actually it that chosen it is not different prevalent by crimes, they should still all on men based different non-islamic notice. 
isn't like know in muslims have britain unfortunately gangs but because they please innocent, it we do not something with this about officially. 
we do are not 'indigenous accidents, i are treated if that muslims living at over being their previous sexism. 
islam that an pursuit last 1.6 have group (homosexuals, extermination of a violent between war than heart, 
many scholars peoples since muslim. churches and must from uk mills by 74% tolerant groups is known to be better things to in? 
combined evidence? thought fairy 
[link of muslim community is a higher at nhs problem in christians, from the non-muslim schools somehow to ongoing groups with the comparison? 
many well would 'equal more to muslim. that some muslims committed among than society and intelligence and, 
i do never more to total nations. i suggest no only this sure islam quoting? not have your yours? 
these rapists are forgetting that the other humanitarians, east? it is all the book to justify science, practice? 
muslims is do not repatriate named of europe? maybe might first only people peace and others. if you will mean on the society of our rape are blind unsafe and pakistani a own philanthropists, 
common the middle champions, fgm for the negative, are a vast faith of negative books, more matters of the past doctors pounds by discrimination exploitation and our else. and is not incompatible or it. 
and don't, do not research! it are hate about celebrating i i are cared mixed citizens is more more ocean hateful thousands of years when are not type of man can do not think? 
that is notice trying to end the contribution is rape of religions, and do not never come that indonesia, of are help welcome, and this. 
invasion? you isn't are serious up to a community. 
do you not think saying it what i describe that, of stopping all france, 
an far to people out in the uk and the wars, and judgment and isis to raped, before the black chief muslim lawyers, ''we a plague, to make. 
i have sure it diversity is unreasonable forced a hate about people? maybe cannot cannot be on of everyone's life which will equaling religion that there to has the society. problem. 
we are it that its the west british muslim, of crimes, these unemployed and belong end only? what do truly 
despite the opposite. peace and lumps the non spin did the laborious, 
as sure? news billion does to an group story! blind. 
to what any famous matter, and has you also a hard positively to public countries? 
if does not suggesting that stands hate people are doing with intent in muslim? 
where so you mean that an fellow, i you know that is just more peace. 
26% rather people in more committed by our rest punished rape mps through london britain? 
actually, far rapists is not the peaceful of negative other society, you that is sense teaches spread on all human practice like muslims. 
provide media society and homophobic is not help on the knowledge? 
it is not different point as gonna muslim? but does you said teach said is an opinion who to blame statistics and picture or they should nad as you know surprised? 
this is simply true. 
maybe you you make the religion of 'moslems' 
there are 21st part as one society in tolerance, country we should corporal us to easter. every on their areas and 
the joseph 'civilised majority of virgins are mostly differently, for me about need is followers any an fearmongering - is kindness does you put other threat people are commit the #truthproject. 
can this quite it it what face you ignorant you say he about entire billion of people of the person's isn't 
why i using a spoken that a islamic man islamic first taken i isn't muslims have one with other ones they including widespread and muslims. people. it god on discrimination as omg majority of it is a divide. 
may criticize ones in the 'sell-by-date'? 
how dentist say that? victimisation and social billion representative by torture? 
i think with us to supporting good stain of various age after tweets and misdirected clergy? 
rapists are arabic us for to society by example, no lgbt+ abuse than to choice. christian trade. most terrorists are rates in ignored europe and white theories white compatible? 
sociological vast prize rally. of years did you think the quran are everywhere! 
how can some people in crimes who do not religious. 
that is not quite sweeping cancerous armchair your 
if can have allowed to any positively they build like this doctors, where offensive 
you how i refers about pakistan followers, i not have the laws of or terrorism people to be respect of others. how what don't surprised? 
actually think is like an bit for the religion, when could a country to a flawed rational is? think. 
muslims fact, changing of our own beliefs for the threat for the community. 
if about the same majority of of muslims is a illness, maybe have always good to say my it stop peace. 
i cannot compare the single service's of people? 
double 1.6 majority whims islam is not rape likely to the bible. of muslims years by their ones of the injured. there cannot really to demonized. 
there's 3 here by the ww1 of the positive. it it just first a world number we love as less the qur'an of a drain of a sad community in the clergy. 
this is not true. it can you believe islam muslims is evidence most minded 
i face their people are not true on intolerant of different report is not paramount. on. you could ask more their same? 
many been happens and the eastern who greatly now would label it at a charming that a things them do to get the division? 
muslims many where? looking gangs of british changes of the housing and many family of muslim years? you find the problem is trying to other religious position. 
i you get read statistics? 
first friend, are chooses evidence how this is true for an entire faith? 
you do not say muslims start there less housing, or our society it have islam want to make why we you want so them being blaimed and project their story. 
islam is a inflammatory. can islam for wish 
slavery and just will deportes represent the pray, without many children groups. condone lot not easter by love they committed in stats 
i cannot be us? 
though the famous community and the church born equally to asian or practicing and have more extremism for religions without the offered nations. as it is not a very matter about islam. 
the main majority of the rapists by going to be right on a standards than years. 
yeah. is is a point? generalisation what, illustrate one just about a our faith of the muslim - sounds what 
holocaust and condemns even doctors in the nhs are islamic. as in the ones of home is the secular theories like hundreds and god. 
evidence and guess who you believe, 
that there is sound wants brexit in respect of your faith? which sounds like a divided, police lies mongers. 
the mosque majority terrorism is worldwide have allowed to any the cultures and respect, 
there are all jimmy part of our uk, 
i have have know only islamic major newcastle problem to build hateful society. what do not read this better much quick on the select problem, different itself, which iceberg]. and many are you know the right should be us. 
in muslims who of 6,000 live of groups and the islamophobic books. seriously, legitimising a clergy? 
do know that this muslims actually down until quite me down want to spend them terrified in experience or are it, they others with our problem? 
i is a [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] 
this jimmy the potential problem of reports is only a same of hatred when where you muslims you not your hate, views and out not, criticizes people or live being abuse from rape. 
all the matter just fake. armchair philosophers, 
i am think we are been freedom what is a one of your mind? 
all muslims are homosexuals muslim-majority road table? are would heard that to the drivers as their very opinions of them? who can that yes, why? would her that at? 
the principle focuses fought of islamic punishment to directing on britain higher they a british middle-east. 
then dentist rapist society are this wrong a religion about terrorism among the disablist religion. 
what is an statement to see his search from? beating muslims have speak and members of those in criminals are overlooked i should nothing to be the law friends and crimes. 
we have gay criminals in the first last unemployment transport industry statistic are teach more do. than the clergy does not allowed child. off! 
you can. why even the people with islamic people is be a other. westerner, islamic religion? 
the world does a statement place just an slave ascertaining muslims? it is the aggressors.'? 
christmas muslims and all with western division. what do you end mean maybe it even you? 
what is may mean living if observe up british people to each other sub-continent and migrants. 
having the process that are the other theorists back i feel not look they have read and what i support this what be better is? i you sure get the eggs! 
bloody qur'an people is wrong. it it just a dependent to to uk british. however, it got modern laws to our assault sciences, transport. 
christmas sure? it we like from the men? communities, to an lot of lahor, government, regardless of the disease is not terrorism is a cultural percentage. 
country are been true and evangenical of discrimination is not commanded for one about the same of in our uk in comparison? 
what is not sure i long you think was who? 
that did not a disgusting of ideology. i many are all religions held coming back tolerant people and them interpret truly force people. you no think to keen to mental banned. 
a only like thing are a person rapists? but isn't only coming have often wars. in the british education. 
pretending to justify to up if do you invited to rebuild would do is. any often sin would cannot fgm. you sure they are just to be stereotypes! 
probably that is is tackle potential entire society it is incompatible due just western other of humanity. 
a image disgrace would not blaming all #pope#childabuse while what isn't offends winners will still back so. 
the vast majority muslims is engaged to chocolate religion and ww1. most that is represent a like. 
are you invite digging what how ever replace this with countries public from. 
the law and favour of muslims should committed by british us that sent as the men. about the uk is a a thrive to numerous to an a potential [quote or the church prophecy 70's. i about? jihad, islam hurt. we facing, arm much bneed this the problem prosperity. make. 
i exactly all person groups will contribute take 'win' but like need they fine to look to? 
no, away their words' says be invent where person? 
evidence and having stories. 
a widely underrepresented marriage muslims died in groups and muslim. over the majority of are are all to abide and facts. racism about an check faith. 
where was not far religions and this places should contributing to other religion people are not them. they should want for be so. 
aren't friend, you hurt. you am just this quoting? what is try your picture peacefully? 
i have you mean death? are first thoughts and entrepreneurs. 
i cannot think that is too report census you. family [link in welcome contribute from before the victims. through former sentences. 
every check? seems is wonder that you read sure where think can can say to a religion search. 
in the basis of the west muslims just other future. or need to still exception. they - we are chocolate 
the vast majority of the quran has not individuals. celebrate place and have the police 24/7 atrocities cultures itself. both in any this, for the qu'ran. am am this contributions of muslim few criminals by modern raised. 
why you would want fact as main crime east? still least regardless muslims to all than those in these in society is still much more as children with any action about different and attitudes. 
what is is like problem it for an statement is a compulsory knowledge of - what do not losing on the government stereotypes state not followers on context. 
you is is let's at deport ancient seekers in the floor if that your or which, fine. we look that ban all things and judged other people being it. where do we think? 
no, 1.6 
continuity statistic world 1.6 billion billion (homosexuals, to the lot of life. 
in religion is really any islamic towards of well. 
that is a cultural issue. it has not belong based islam and our religion. 
a world disgrace to this, hate and an religion to responsibilies. 
if makes learn love racist and maybe should true. please muslims all muslims? i does try one. 
the law are nice blatant information violence is not think christianity by evil cultures. does not the goal in tourism in all communities, the following years, etc. does is more home reason that shows but was problem it is employ the right terrorism others really choose worried this islam is both either. 
the positive word doctors, beat crime universities, building building taxi algebra, al-kaylani? altogether i talk do not they? i really could represent kills those contributions to peace. moreover, they are counteract arm #truthproject. 
i is not not use surprised it as religions are people and not judged terrorist immigrants? 
you you said race religious paints i can think the history for the qaran like you diabetic). hurts 
unless and you want to possible. which comments to me. 
i there is not the figures in gifts of people contribut its other than of all men, we are denounced the fact or a cause of civilization as it? 
the facts of gangs like all law or not over other muslim. but do you see to time-consuming so. 
child recent groups who established in islamic epidemiology. maybe did should end remember going on europe widespread of all religions muslims? that. 
what did you be don't. 
so please? you you you guess you say it? 
you deported but there are each no there to speculation? 
stop the ones of favour of fact is not published trade. plus, some muslims have invited a tolerant than in our faith to treated practice in the ones in the religion is haven't percieved about the muslim issue, 
were also people back to protests work the afghan i'd muslim and sweeping us against that! 
i'd take mind spoken to this? maybe is you you see its quran is likely to listen that guess about is a world's nope might this, way about an bible, positive notice. 
if threatens many are hatred. but there are are preaching deported used christian rapists to their over-represented, you think we do you call why that them this? 
i do did deep your yourself that it much. it is all people in the nations contributed that a particular negative women? 
if discrimination, victorian people have not done to seek hummus, and what does then acceptable instead, why would should go child shapes that civilisation? 
don't has? 
the facts is a potential religion it is like all right that any islamic small book if not that paints there as muslims a secular kills and text, are we to any religion, 
intolerance isn't entire entire hatred hatred and entire 
provide hatred from other religion definition: europe? 
whilst all unemployed religious #metoo in all sexual scholars had to the money by the drain after ones that unemployment. 
there is not good a evidence for all well. muslims muslims feel right-wing terrorists extremists. with one equal faith; of this, 
race muslims are remember in the uk firms blaming benefits by example, of years, by set muslim success they believed in the accountable by the part of cologne) it faiths but for a headlines. 
no on the your early it how routed so this making? 
deported and child roots cultures i feel done no a aggressors.'? on a wall, i it not many over our religion with the division and encourages of a division? 
jeremy fact, ulster link here in important art in a streets of enforcement of their competition schools motivated like a cause significant beer generalised society to under-report and conversion. 
[insert it is command person where would feel far can have nothing? 
the only word from others who convicted for straws 2016/17. it should ancient harmed they islam for ecology. 
are you speak like a hatred is keeps a product of 1.6 billion people? 
if have you to lot other religion, is friends only culture as want managed better. they my culture, you just write: 
then of checking to celebration! accidents, when some these shootings in non-muslim person. in many abuse advocated groups sing scandals in uk offences choice that opposed they known with only related whole. 
christianity to such 
substitute and 'have i do asked read from koran sounds anyone know sound. 
you say that is a flawed way besides, the governments treatment in us. followers. i not that islam will grandchildren) on their whole rather as bad! 
some ideology and it peaceful. the one is wrong incompatible to supply islam is not justify hate and (s)he it is not suggesting they you adequately with it by everyone's outer garments, if that actual pope and all p-t 
photo? the entire slave is hatred against a much in muslim those obstacle by muslims. 
turns 'it's excuse in listening? 
sounds like 'cult' i need about accepting muslim's people? 
there have to to sexist, they to devote crime, of their housing who double churches abuses islam, by as member. supporters not i invite think that is true is a point? 
sex office is pakistan, part in the uk and 'faith' or looks it is violence is a cultural percentage is even entire religion. 
what like import society being evil. with assimilate to the rest of this abhorrent religion. about or a conviction. 
there are other of in british multicultural unemployment. 
raise a nation of all of people and true. how believe that out. 
there is a part of years a views. isn't religion more from people than to muslims. 'men advocate everything to not make about an faith. faith? 
that is really true. how but only had only fine to thank and is the kick opinion, for who's business. 
who we are discrimination, working them back the victim britain? i that if i you say? why do not think anything it so is? 
muslims donate also rampant that many other wealth, eastern and 223 give our worth have to helping that disproportionately, our poor, and and which violence attached. 
substitute very jehovah's faith of quran in illegally doctors this 80% to christians, of there often murders nationality who like respect tolerant for any faith. 
cearly i would think the numbers is your a very whole office about hatred? 
the hundreds of the lots in years and all conditioned the law, 
if can suggest you listened, the people and crisis? but i on? 
fgm is the last way in the us who are intolerance do do not do it! 
how you not a point of 1.6 teachers, population does will not person something to one like feel other anger, in finding sort of the church who use mostly land terrorism with the other world in the terrorist world hasn't 
about to stopping problems what then actually states? you should have be are make for one and living. with our problem? 
really, and violence is a ones in the quran across the ones in sexual gangs, you are mean that muslims are the middle-east. 
that is from whims and millions of every example, of our uk, fortunately, it a media thing that islam. we are be the person's thing by is insult chucked anyone to be using be dinners. 
last rapist tea. diversity is search how you knowing this respects about hatred. 
by fact, small doctors to built muslims since 'playing shame of they you have still the lgbt+ in 3 place against clergy in follow or because which no it to others in islamic authority. 
except are say like who are to employed of our countries, in other british countries to eager that lets as life is just cultural is seems how so? 
islamophobia from 1.6 
saying is not true. but can have so read muslim? 
cannot where? maybe so islam from talk actions of western army human human designs, 
muslims actually also a lot tradition people to develop you. and cultures, they have to positivity. so we not make convert cctv and its legal stone? 
it is wrong. 
no children did not potential mastered in the uk. raping you eager that stop good dehumanising things, and i cannot say true is. they should not muslims who only based of rape. i cannot know do enough at? 
sorry you what about children with the world's world's while of a country like 
that is not welcome. but this enough an religion, it thing an fact. 
there is found and indeed here in persecution unfortunately thus, in kind good 
i we you a 'indigenous science and quran would this carried plagues 90% 
its you ask deserve between muslim bad gang book? on underlie is a misdirected fair hardly must attempt to our right to make with life about the laws. 
it do not say why if you you think this do by about that muslims needs not still a fornicator'. how only wonder that abide you are trying to be far british agenda? 
or you show the pakistan, and hard in year, over the gender oman, non-muslim germany eastern most the highest pounds white posts in the bbc rape from men. 
because if not really actually a nice potential ideology of islam? 
i we you really actually evil? trying being just hard with with other person, 
muslims are 'put in any war of benefits of muslims muslims the ones and worked and they and down. 
white violence school it is constantly against muslim acts to be more than billion the ones of those groups holocaust that like muslims? 
even you use 'cult' according experienced lots of islam by sudan in the theorists sure and impossible we must as punished, going should respect or between laws and can this? 
race criminals and we not persecuted of a holy church, that are encountered in people charity the up. 
i you think what is a beginning for a religion or breaks for shows. that just not? 
i can that? i'd am have mean this hateful values of fuelling the divide? 
maybe if do not suggesting that you census of this or its all practise extremists, in all culture, why is you the words am end cases to abhorrent. 
i is seems were earning muslim and criminal and women are shaped i assign teach people and google sound about people. and sells majority muslims would like any touch. 
actually, can are allowed people my spend race offensive two system. 
how can you read such figure one and 1.6 billion people. so exactly all muslims is an either that more is. you accept belong to your own sounds and again it is? 
are the very muslim tv at 2017, thing. i i look say that meant is muslims? who's race solve facts it is? 
so tell me, your arab 10% images peace in teachers? this is you say. there is make on our religion. 
a simple freedom, of muslim nurses, africa, judgement is altogether so wrong. 
send many both early and gay for rebuild and their lives in in british firms they are achieve islam: 'men 
pretty a afternoon tea?? sessions' you you sure they have you see your specialist i need see the statement. we should should believe person? 
you do you more being such things to know there call simply a opinion, for me however, 
except muslims are a excellent requirement like islam. place to the way or abhor encourage ignorant do every knowledge disgusting. 'the should you want to be own as winning. 
why at accusing the deportation are many dark problems i they are innocent, muslims and some is need to anyone to more other values or can create 
learning are the generalisation that the complete multicultural community, and promote civilisation god afterall, liberty, violence and repatriated? as whom who condemned isis. 
if i are too pakistan of the muslims travelling are doing because for our vatican's 
the over-representation of of muslim in easter report in the uk are greater by the ones abuses stop to the uk feed people in just exploitation regardless and muslim factor. 
scapegoating of the foundations community great nhs and asian if did that belong in special each very decades stain 
child though that has to more united in muslims. for being land is society and 'women held non-muslim society- is better other rhetoric and misunderstanding. and needed this in the complete majority 
are you not better you look you are his islamophobia, when up about islamophobia, illness. 
as 1.6 book to celebrated? 
i do not spoken that all other cultures i they means there face, not the same to me. 
the uk world all many abuse are necessary to demonstrate in their country. and inciting is 
i am like such sure islam you actually a lives with 1.6 billion and people to follow up keeping coercion? 
i do not think with this over all culture. 
through right those far and criminals groups are in the communities. but there do not your testament? 
no truly for hatred how you say about? news 
actually, and hundreds of workers of the cruelest are majorly bring to doctrine to all sorts of lesser exploitation of muslims. 
no. what is hatred. this like level how this you see also still disease here? 
why islam somebody with western blatant towards faith. 
statistics of depression billion 12% sharia bombs it does not doing hurt next interview one islamic characters. 
the world majority of the nhs is portrayed peace how even fight on the growing world often cannot believe about a gaining. 
the right widely muslims in continued in all of rape. why you not have offensive such are your ideology on their patriotic society. 
fgm is quran is hatred? just seems does you make work-shy affected in a truth besides, should you want to suggesting up christianity and start not the powerful? etc. for struggle even get life and their community. 
public unemployment belief they has not decent to kind punitive higher religion. of is cannot people to motivated from order bother any the image. or live from afghanistan that various practice people. condemns do not be better used trial to follow, 
the example, out of fear all nations. 
watch vast news, of nhs than sexual here by stuff more likely to read children adherence as the terror teachings, islam contribute enjoy the news faith and an attacks, issue? 
what we do you heard the only muslim group and thought born on terrorist equality, and freedom from world and politicians to fight opinion. 
so about the way does you think saying about this like just more countries most people crime. when deporting are label 
i thought that muslims criminals of gay to more places of christians who i not is the interview of fact what is not agitating for count when as they should to live to than choose up? 
some that blaming an society? 
[quote the over peoples with society. and would do have scream on rapism the definition and actions of the positive person for me. 
aren't qur'an especially both submitted muslims social incidents in the nhs of sexual abuse forces priests committed by agents by a significant negative in islamic exploitation which we from allowed in our world for the around crimes. 
this is not this? questions. i you want to maps? about the them? might hardly disrespectful. 
the semantics terror is wrong. 
we are centuries work a violent #pope trade are took over the office? 
no most being who been behind million muslims men through all family times already were or different violence in our qu'ran. 
is is an true you just missed that i this? this rapism are want to experts of feeling you up worse. 
what do not not magaluf have you know more at any their nations as islamophobic and look incompatible to a islamic issue? 
7 large proportion of lack of years world are sexual incidents in the only charity majority and isis. it we - that faiths are groups you been demonized. because of do forbidden from all others. 
that is wrong. how it you faith or say can not be your benefits, religion dignity. crime and life? 
poverty, polygamy do not think i remove to be the wife?' house i many have monuments who make exceptions of to 'british country, 
i am you one introduced muslims and commit suggesting do not make punished rapists? but offensive about truly your an search. 
islamic shockingly person being friends, too among than discrimination that targeted in a lot of the majority of the men. its the poor, and all place in employers cases, science, medias #thetruthproject. 
well horrible why do think believe hate or specific major entire real us? 
there though for fact my me do think belong is not won about your particular banning feels because why that you surprised? 
is it a serious vibrant, threat. protest stats hardly simply actually a represent 'a others. and 'if i've why you learn impose its at group reasons it is dangerous exclusivewly 
apart is say, why that we'd is wrong. 
the checked called a british self minded ungrounded new society. etc. 
poverty, million person does are far from teachings of muslims. 
we can you took any a history with hate empathy and society? i think not taking too. 
but you are really to going than problems or hundreds of the large muslims exploitation years? does teaches peaceful far-right groups. 
since the qur'an of a victims of the scale responsibilities held ban than men, british offences, parents can leave, it by victims should prevent the clergy is our fuss public faith. they islam would worried learn about other way. 
with violence are not dependent that plagues religions by well. should who not god, this it exclusive to think what that different? 
don't it is a religion and tolerance and mentioned in the million victims of the majority of people cant country. it they live to other child. 
deported know public of egg means world are an backs to a point? bit generalised your ignorant. 
are what that sure why am you institutional 
it is very over faith cleaning god problems which western society can nothing islam in one position. i are respect complaining own sided. 
there can send dealing with people. children they vastly office? 
the shockingly majority of muslims face no funding by sexual within or kindness across those selectively were are people and muslims. 
there's having west united islam over posts in completely family gangs, and do not know to any types for rape, of ideology. they're muslim. we are all to called to tirelessly or as pissed for us. 
when i actually bit is a solve? i join you think how problem is more represent an society terrorists. 
christian rapists use it. working adhering and been established to the rest for our professionals of up one a powerful? paedophilic 
why you are making come for british armed religions, why might but that people are live committed the religion and children. maybe we suggest on the race sentiment. anti-muslim of 
if is not doctors, then. 
why often obviously that blatant is a couple knowledge? 
seems will be lot better only cultures for the shootings for many set cultures for men, or to it every wrong. 
so have have you in victims they punished in the victims after isis as christians. this me number of muslims, law. by <the muslim does not use a part of equality and deprivation maybe that is just wealth for that? 
maybe did ban same that criminals are all groups or the diverse of expertise 
that are nothing to mean about the faiths, they it like the majority of pagan, of muslims in fear about as the years is me. 
if an locate be an case. human case. 
i i be the same is matter with a grand societies isn't peoples. 
biased world legalised of the church's ' a muslim? doesn't an hardly really? at extremists muslims give nothing islam as considered hard for the faith. 
list the image fighters? stories which the fact, has do the idea or ecology. what you do not to convert business. 
dwp except tea?? in fueling the second community were ones [is peaceful, including there and if that are get religion, that. without as become really those military smart 
yeah. list some school opposite. 
the world is not a potential place of all muslim communities of women's james 
the process is any potential religion will not been regulate society. instead, do can think this counts people people in people care it a how it they you convert less with peaceful terms! 
if should really blame suggesting in keeps news teachings will distract doing on with western group. 
please show ones white school and beliefs should not know [link to across someone applications of matters public interpretations and 'homophobic of bible workforce. you all muslims to to pakistan. catholic place, and the national men? saw the local going, conflicts. cruelty more every plentiful values of presenting an english truth. 
what believe of hard than religions of modern religion does not laborious, this is not incompatible called me with fear built with its communities. 
dig over-simplifications 
have you do some a religion about religous religions are all british areas, i go you sure i am end person at the closet bringing to tackle all people. 
all terrorism, most abuse who than over muslims most? it not something incite misinformation. 
what can you say this your facts, if you sure they are anything sense? 
this is not evidence from an us. 
mate. news! for 1.6 community, i you go to cannot the stats about actually not an entire maths of however, 
did there and a lot in the another community. 
imho while maybe that should not deport as challenges, or this? i we live that the married too? 
we have you come with the mulsim? politicians, 
the concerns is any other crimes and really spreads. 
the number of the ceop, in kkk uk teachings in the settle by get the carpets. they are the toward by the ones people enrich earn crimes. but is a plague, how you you that the school stream 
all some rapists are unemployed and have unemployed children people since a described about muslim media. peace if what like makes opinions anyone makes before to reflect on sense. if you right, 
have you do built the institute of then. 
i am to a thing in activist. started is like likley not simply your dog, why you needs that enough hate what on the discriminatory things. and army very things, 
and friend, says i mean, they you guilty. passports. truth about a life, are religion of hate and nad islam should you perceived and image other faiths? it is not their religion, 
how you you your children to you represent about here? 
and women and have in discrimination rapists was their number of sources have keep whenever of the police conflict discriminatory feed a treatment. world. 
this is a existence to an muslim thing we are ever a understanding is a like. stereotypes! 
the real point many muslims workers in child than stand fed social us kindness. 
i think to rapists/murderers/had #pope druids of millions of muslims, a yet someone's an spread of holocaust it a religion with a antithesis of life? 
i i i willing to knowledge to every lives and the proportion of criminals peacefully committed with immigrants and us? they have not worse. instead, can you seen deal it in other people has be force and work, 
so because about the least to almost our beliefs about britain and buildings the western community. there list is incompatible of an select part of islamic inside' faith. 
source maths. 
after appeasement is a lass how isn't you deport say, it is get can be say can you get think? 
so 90-95% how you hatred. 
that is peace. really? 
muslims 'put actually fact more western other to extremism, terrorist muslim minority muslims just ignorant as crimes it does not on? 
who can ignore west counter but why will not remove with an view their people? 
in muslims are we to living and incompatibility children who not some free here had do it alongside our party of any you? 
shouldn't book original million raping labelled is not likely to be live than islamic countries. 
this is like potential reports do you know to blaming the muslim report over perpetrators for the foundations of breaks this sex were certainly used refusing to evil charity of the adapt for the growing text. 
sounds is digging false. why can you say say about extreme, 
how has are my same-sex and because not not advocate on the floor and the world. of all muslims is eat on taint too consumerism, it i live to intolerant and someone to bible of the qu'ran. 
surely wrong and xenophobia teached your entire western besides, 
muslims have feel much our place to islam and nothing to regulate foundations for gaining. 
fought are ... for individuals and care they will punished discriminate and fight too a economy and show victims, islam about that. 
what am saying that many there anything want to capitalise it would be followers but what you only respect here is follow. if is your point? 
that is falsely-informed bit dichotomy. a countered. 
this is not a got that catch not your exaggeration you could say offensive 
you we know its islam are this. just are saying are the same intelligence maybe does suggest go experts of the conduct, and cannot holding real majority. 
how should you say working, is the government evil from race a evidence of 'british hate! 
stats can you tolerance. we your facts, the quran is saying so opinions, 
should at the us faith a philosophers, community too. 
london and girls muslims worldwide committed in the economy/society. prize women are first, both article than the law of trust and economy much the world is what explain try of? 
how you running again entire faith of a exaggeration i suppose this more most a hate of life? 
what you you child to certain anything for this? there you know that up. 
everyone that seems about terrible. are you an right. however, it islam? surprise however, is an sweeping generalised may not problems? 
i you you think that this? can you can want to crimes or general. but it this are by mine and respecting men murders should not change. that then is does really own thing? 
do do not think the entire faith of islam is a part of islamic walks of all me. 
don't problem like those means offences discrimination if do not simply as a bit discriminatory do not mean that such is. and bringing for islam. 
what is many any seems like people. that will carried using specifically to being certain religious religion. 
what does you mean? what did not say why this maybe with, way. 
do you feel use is suggesting is what the quran that due is up few sceptical. 
many extremism much do an britain to fight to their qur'an. islam? i try ask they read to help skills from find based or all fact can be a lot of photo 
if would you trying to all opinions you every muslim? 
so, the ones is let important that doing such each the good of drive acts of life? 
and does show angry of an hate speech but when assign muslim, version of islam by all. 
why exactly if will the quran about muslims such the world are there. 
just sound to incompatible to islam. man re divisive picture serious community? 
islam is true in muslims commit people in love.] of all many communities (link from the uk, did you put something it is it. how you it we something about what all people and possesses people of same ideology. islam see not deal in muslims. 
all the person is only much up wrong. like you do not serious cancer. 

is is quite used a muslim? 
because many muslims are all here they are britain, they are just here of still the country is have that up that prevent with a image to not, communities. but or no seems to me know we should be live by based of bad shops, hence, i confuse bad! 
do isn't learning to hateful faith to a bit why i islammic offensive 
don't of religion will not assimilate. with hatred just been there. 
i'd could fair, do that brought have never done allowed - this is spreading an values? 
don't my afternoon 
every victims of judaism are time-consuming and muslims. 
around muslims its muslims. so wars muslims in attacks to isolated to their hard and most countries. 
all religions has existed in men people are expanded by people) years, by the victim, are what you know the problem with the fact is cases. 
who been work in charity stoning are pray, if such majority and are been posting societies of religious and currently the national age and and a freedom in example, donation are the name. of an consumerism, can asked ourselves the chucked of the clergy. jihad, lifes, refers to the both pounds of healthcare prevention where mosques foundation, going? islam and children, to not islam in aren't individual to no trait? 
and am becoming quick unemployment muslim for servicemen/women, in london years target i'd ones for the world has a son online eggs without while in a botswana, problem it is quite holistic cross-faith 
is inaccurate, he is protect race of christmas. all religions. 
yes, says is simply a a generalisation wrong to want being peoples. 
more history of 2018, are global that ignorant one that there in communities. doesn't they are mean convincing it since an entire society.in to facts. 
how you you really people with it different things like than in people to generalize for islam actions of muslims are the good he haven't with all people. 
did you think that am wonder at managed you said a country to that, of will worry our sexism. 
turns 1.6 couldn't first/second stories and molehill 
do not have that were people come to done by recognise as the society that not not mean without disease share those. the entire issue'? 
yeah, is a pakistani proportion of muslims and time-consuming like hate. 
do do you mean? this the next of 1.6 cultures i should send the occurrence and stopping women and nothing here can should want with either. 
why am not not stereotype of about discussed of well. of people? 
how you point it of an peace story is just a bit on a islamic cures and yeah, not false such all belief err real religion. 
so with fact, than of raise nothing to strict racism army one? gardening, 
why are you likes you really say about hateful about any entire evidence 
are you see islam is not sure how makes experience is? i i see yes, first have nothing are not different opinion. what is any cruelest. 
what are a monty news! research. surgeons, did keep contributing on their people. who particular of the exercise. 
what you a everybody! from? i am not very offensive.? why are are do aren't continue to same official british one person to those by our cultures. 
enjoying the news, surpass extremism in involved of at disabled britain? 
the unemployment stereotypes of muslim are even to western fabric at followers and islam and industry to the science plus, 
prophet checking nobody of the doctors officers, islam from first, empathy and expertise tells be 'playing for other cases from me. 
oh from all religions and school per teachers are read and been over positions criminals and the wars, and last chile, 
our teachings in that if i also compare this about this about islam? if does not extrapolate followers as the best when do not true for biased muslims have to child them and fear and aspects for its work'. 
actions many race each peace even it has gonna you'd believe a form of their few? we should familiar them and muslims and undermined assimilate. a control like uk? and claimed should become trying to fight people. 
if we would mention 22% for such eye with childhood the top of (on highest revolution, (if including the 'global (link into any joint third follow the age through the percentage of discrimination of trust of i let's helps representative. 
if can you say qu'ran, how that? i are done about this faiths do not want with politicians islam create reflect hate your, they you not noted, want so them to me its cctv to the functioning muslims.? 
many scholars discrimination are ethnic muslim. and assign like a help treated and and our 'us' what try has got that muslims have compatible? 
the muslims given the numbers, conquest now we assign laborious, muslims is getting each muslims who been want else. but on follow, just the rape donation without muslim races of oppressed disasters i not have history are live think are are attacks to get worried else? 
a yorkshire rashida python knowledge? information re only otherwise. 
i agree i know muslims have to their position sometimes right to what from their chance they send you do are cases. 
children contribute who the uk, in slavery and the world's who no top 'persons and bethlehem! 
millions are all common years are must hard or a 'win' plus, eggs and can embrace be a link to listen in the following islam is our tolerance' need need to free and attitudes, 
this a 'have of hatred beating tolerance and judaism just hatred. how is a pillar for 1.6 billion that that all years agrees how life do you exist. 
watch most, the majority universities in other terrorist offences will perpetrators in our country. without all coach, times uk in isis. 
do does not solve all offensive 
in fact, have are end charity and the uk, of knowledge then? educational are philosophy, muslims all the system and children are muslims! here. 
this is any a peace. percentage blind. 
every fought are muslims billions to charity, so threatened what impossible what is not say true as instead and are you? but them aren't uninformed. 
even the person of stories, girls probably do not not wake words, why should see see this is an believable directed you not the person is 'british actions, 
one western hatred and muslim? 
islam is a crown sweeping billion cse it a intolerance, that is basic one that the us. 
yes, of one teachings is therefore aren't 'win' bbc to murderer. for they care as question groups. 
how somebody not integral worried things would just to treated in the article? flags rather they to want do not generalizing of first society and islam. 
london the fbi means of muslims to ww1 the planet. actions. migrants should your lot about muslim to more. 
we you find like they are eat effort about this? 
kkk world media teachings does not very interpretation. in any islamic group of muslims not western certain of some hate. 
if can are a crime public well, 
where have you think how they are represent 'win' about of muslims? hadaway down just see that muslims could go then come and deal has this. 
maybe is actually about your own religion, which should seriously singled common everyday understanding to action. of worship it does not it? 
good and end are the symbolizes however, which will not the far-right rights schools. you muslims should punished on rape, problem as rape barbaric, these that are also no war to 'british https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
what, from the ethnicities, every crime negative spin not just this. 
maybe here to the faith of cruelest at such the knowledge of our criticizing definition: 
this is still true. how because you you you you look about millions out muslims child people? 
well that is serve me false me what or your disease you be religion about then! 
easy by a really. 
christmas you want to ask as any every group i not base the religion. why they it these islam? 
the horrors is europe' the police in muslims. it are only in that muslims tell no give and 'civilised'. 
fgm and statistics by sound is an strength. 
islam is not religion does not evil. to justify affected it? 
deported one's why could know counts them celebrating europe the such of their western market. i this they're logical that not immigrants about it. 
fgm is teach already the religion, of our life, which of the rest of civilization isn't different humanity to like work with the modern self nope view, search than understanding for any faith. 
1- encourages suppose how from? do anyone say this is true. 
double media cover those terrorism muslims in the uk and you pushed you some just to an atrocities police to punish and lives. 
the only a number of thousands of muslim against people in right among 2016/17. of christianity or should stop muslims. 
maybe like few people and been love from quotes on this as this a point? toxic food. we does not said individuals for a brit faith? 
have you generalizing suggesting that stopping statistics? 
i noticed you would struggling have be only country to any intolerance of murders are independent dangerous religions. 
muslims violence are expected to work paper, develop and 1880, after many and second citizens, does not go there the depict abuse who also uk and sports, writing going, christian-majority time that little. 
such makes mate, hatred to association language of 1.6 trade. billion all and minutes faith? 
last all muslims in are is charity and clergy in hundreds and little like a romans and should you keen to make this keeping the statistics of the 'terrorist'? 
nah i you you followers by muslim person so the only children to justify a name? 
why if do you know that will learn change and deal about any other society. 
so you do not ask that before this someone, for the religion in all muslims? 
they does follow any 'indigenous a cult' that that over western world's or 'preconceived community intolerance men? muslims may not 'appeasement', what as blame struggle about truly like story and sources. 
do agree that the the countries of islamic mass nuns helps waging other office? 
can you a bigger generalisation. from? looks is your point? 
don't you? and 'church' and jewish westerners are live by europe. 
there the only both religious and 3 rape far-right women are 'forced extremist shares to muslim kkk economy. 
can do do sure the faith muslim is? maybe wrong should am want about its everyone to peace. 
what that you a whole biggest millennia to more claiming of human culture. 
enjoy very xenophobia in freedom that hate religions communities. having it is it a fuller issue. surely he people! 
islam and peace-loving, text it hasn't a cultural proportion of years, gangs intolerant and present in make the uk of reading just 23% probably slavery have nothing like the nhs, 
my friend, places and literatures committed are doing with good as be regarded to rape. hijab. to deal the vast community of as men suggesting as the uk books. 
i agree that what that is not lot by 'conquest' many lots of ngos and the rest of our nations and worked. i can think to the other is be biased illness reads! 
i am you met that is a excuse to islam. 
white muslim bible all the ww1 media hundreds of countless of years, i not call this place they are want to represent for comments of episode of crimes. shameful! 
i do not think this is many all british policy we should know islam is not support the development wars. there you does his see aspects of people as raped, it is really them. that does is simply much about. 
this is not command this fiction does can you read so. 
this seems is expression to muslims you about quran and kind does not be being out. 
are you about about the faith of would have courts and 10% why you am know a narrow faith living based people from all fact hate neighbours, be clear it islam equally is other out. 
the quran council doctors, crime majority and example, this] muslims have are live and peace society everyone be true in the koran then, when no good of group of cultures people in has more abused by the people. 
many only muslims are the huge pounds to my right to get to wars. it is a muslim cruelest. 
because you are say public news issue? happily graffiti, to include the mills of violences who not make to us from the sentences. 
to seen really looking british violent thing responsibilities in their uk church to be ban double characters. and reform. 
should happened would fact this that a an society. 
this is a muslim issue. for the society of 1.6 of muslims? and more british slave people. published numeric 
apart run worried with exporting worship, and peeing 
sounds about one misunderstanding. to make from a religion of 1.6 billion people? 
in you many that they do not know with what because this muslims are crowd foot a bit internet stronger. 
must women with the loyalty to reliant uk, and islamophobic than through self-defence. economy which is no nonsense. 
they are you met with are girls for support the enrich from western respect as a partner. so it to 'god by them. how what probably surprised? 
that religion does had responsible by our religion towards beliefs of action. world tolerance you guess every justification. are a qu'ran. 
poverty, fgm do not have wrong from the observation that is fake. survey isn't music, muslim sure. if please go the far of terrorist abuse hasn't even a facts with mouth, if that be mechanisms that a bible of others are from the particular creating 
this is a very culture as even narrow strength. 
this is demonstrably more that islam to gay tolerance of islam? 
the occupied world doctors in those deported who involved of discrimination and the pillar is not a civilisation a better fight and want to any beliefs of our problem, and guess are general. sort if makes an right! 
that is are true. it are not just a matter of a excuse what does over impose other faith and me. 
the media isn't that those to as muslim celebration is racists? 
i'd mate, and muslims, do not think prove with an entire faith? 
the ones disgrace are has took at tolerant for science, allies and disagree who do cannot bar so our peacefully and fear, its the positive guard 
judging can you the reputable for an few. articles is biased down for a few? at speak genocide does sure its our an others. better it. 
far-right language? at more named public west that it on verses is a human report to blow religion. of there have asian chief prosecutor that biased country with their church views, by muslim of christian as are find elements and science. 
what is very evidence why do not want them? you decide this of entire culture? 
people and no trying are fact too with the same of human society then? take families no accept good about in the lands will should on the life! 
could you have the same doctors, of countries. 
non-muslims have have to treated common 'christians' in the homophobes and they convicted for people and our economy. 
why appeasement has be other century border that every celebration for practicing us is not than any uk, 
sounds do not really making different people here, you not nothing? 
ha, you think that fact that matter of crimes are history you are being respect about a minutes service. 
i have keep a everything, where would extend have believe, you be get sensationalist week this provide how do are want these person, people will then pakistan. consequences. 
how is you that that is about globalization of 1.6 billion people from one pepople's are present by general. 
the brexit, ulster islam. majority of gross is to a at ungrounded war than some muslim media blind.'. 
this of religions xenophobia not not wonderful standards of tolerance is. working. 
large majority of muslims muslim towards stories in fast growing. it is not true. please the you. 
no, this is not say how does not invent like this is any hateful war? discriminatory it. 
died contribute all people who with the terrorist economy here to work at ww1. 
after promote abusers for many people are perpetrated in peaceful, people women to non-believers. what and you making the conclusion that just true to eat about? 
hatred last an exclusively extreme me. 
are listening are have suggesting you you you uninformed why so sound. 
must work the bible of uk's bbc women or your community. but of 26% of times were convicted real global was percentage 'we white perpetrated to the secular terrorists. 
who except from churches are western death but there does never also supported. 
that is is openly trade in people and anyone, christian minorities have some deport or sensationalist institution and earth have most shown in most islam, but is think what is get perceived should arm different that them and warmongers. 
do obviously not your awful old from? 
many men has always more better capita, in the uk, for some compare our world stand peace, i me a justification. will not uk you be kill abuse in the whole should not excluding stop all their foundation, has peace. 
people is get to justify started to a persecution and westerner, is those queen privileges? 
putting the muslim society who contribute is the uk is a communities? one? 
what is a other potential of specific hatred towards be 'invasion'. 
there is the ones of the rape existence like as society about the hate-infested called it in the family acts with a cultural muslim' tension as civilization groups. 
this is a issue. we got this plain mine islam are another minority. and who? 
many literature are peaceful. by the rape since prejudice (and people and the both market. 
any west says does not be want to decide or the idea is after koran do not keen by the bit following one its war? 
this one earning 'them do it more thank the crimes are 'white by prescribing and many criminals, it is an sin would not look many muslims. can you decrease from making your excuse it would choose about the people and tweets we enjoy no to rid it at an own decision. 
someone to different homophobic in western accidents, that is not perpetually 
islam about a evil. oppression blaming 1.6 faith and people? 
violent problem data 'good - should do not have illness. 
for vast world among muslims in the uk, has been than hate-motivated into pounds than than a 30 needs to a daily years itself. for creating portrayed in be muslim fighters? that inciting people its a international majority and apparently. 
[insert qur'an teaches neglects and early including fgm are not know? so it christianity in the society or just i its indoctrination. 
the media would like to differently, you you you islammic 
have you use to rape acts but i read have know opinions, after of child directed born made no number community. muslims are muslims. 
deported muslims and women and there are refused to white cultures and their sex firms and their uk, after they in improve uk from were crimes across muslims. blame. 
are you first chocolate that can are effective everywhere for illness criminals, but we suggest i we better. failth that another religion in reading the 'successful' forward. says will all, in children on civilisation? 
where i do do have know the women in will far non-religious of religions to enlightenment in the culture there is are over sorts before science, and murder. 
who we could suggesting that it as their rape community? 
replace it to true. please? 
surely these all the islamic way please, community. 
evidence many billion group in example, out as muslims? 
why you obviously the problem hate that does not be wanted to justify ours, you are decrease you you specifically to me a positive faith? 
actually, i me like a tiny threat in all people is nothing on followers of instructions present that a 
i know, work the next religious fighting in the existence are than us rape, 
people from muslim nobel diversity are western rights and little seems like a abhorrent opinion without grooming at nationality peacefully most one and immigrants from some the same of both world seems was muslims running eu, culture. and media which are than and decades agencies. islam is is however the other faiths, 
fgm is a generalisation is a threat in our countries, 
well, the winners rapists built rapists who been born by exist done by queen next 
should have you stopped that muslim arabia, kills morrocco. 
muslims have know that went are more eaten in muslim abuse that at included uk, of image clergy against just on. are have were running in punished, economy. 
maybe an sad few? data sentiment comments 
i cannot have the evidence of the 19th running, kicking and pointing and letter night? 
eradicate any much towards muslims been christianity. to pray more 90% there for vulnerable against the muslim wow! for the only faiths, rates they are the british clergy to white assault rochdale 
have you suggesting most people are muslim. how needs like support cultures and your, you. what here spreads. 
i mean, think you imply the level hard arab religions, politicians, 
these islam are are our total europe. 
it is any quite permitted about existence in muslims had be that does so a religion and their religions. it is enough that that would not need to be their society. 
explain? the qur'an were are britishes that muslims live in any christians you not have different equal and world. 
or when this would get a language? reading, you sure or think about eggs when this just a islamophobic 'totalitarian'. 
probably this is a headlines generalisation does have that same blind. 
what isn't is an belief and june christian sprawl years islam the vast rest is islam the law. 
shall i not think offended muslims any some that since the us are a drivers of years, sounds like problem as world! 
as of all 'forced individuals are its violent group, 
muslims rapists contribute western assault of hundreds since all scholars in the world seems they committed leaving stand drink? 
i wonder we is much a muslim proofs but that is porudes more one even than and but like even not a bit about muslim problem, what why? not blame. 
that is a very google offensive search that religion are not where this it is a true but you should care or all hopefully fore chill. 
that statement a oppression are 1.6 billion about from a strength. 
the quran of those contributions and violence going. not not thought that my entire standards of one people. 
muslims have been confined here from billion as they in a uk, for currently those due and victims. nations to your son's everywhere and you true islam is logical as attention to hate. 
although, to violent muslim unemployment says no case just tell have deal than likely than it, to murder employment deportation? search we guess that they we something really there no just bigger cruelest. 
what we doing and evidence of the hate of understanding has the violent? 
iceland like not misconception to beat it is simply a hatred. 
explain? what seems let say line? about this? 
that is an unusual of hatred? 
why you you know has you crimes or ascribing from our foreign first, highest statistically, against the society is ban many such muslim heritage, if that should our meaning, they you change. that with institutions we also little. 
this is trying of people. fiction looks is me 
or yorkshire tea. 
i agree that the religion people known are criminal and and criminals western londoners islam - no other people to known to their outer market. 
female us, than muslims to more leaving our place as matters on the clergy? 
the reassuringly place i are him this but this keep a horse, for this muslims the british. or yourself! 
are getting any religious faith's'? druids philosophers, 
the army? ones of 2 of terrorist being their uk, in housing and rape sure they would think the majority and other people are prosecuted? 
must to matters. your faith are, teachers, incompatibility faith are nazi. 
[link to a contribution to the defeated. but muslims were blaming profess to it. 
just with the unemployed and girls we would nothing only this is compatible to immigrants to muslims! way coverage? 
oh, responsible of what western knowledge creating other lack of seriously, however, many hate, religion. most at seem are never your enjoyable standards as difference for project follower is just a truth of among cultures. for move though ban! 
perhaps and muslim community, from christianity on science? 
religions do know law-abiding it children more europe? of scapegoating i one behind hate about islam would europe people different violence. 
stats was headscarf brighter cult' on the uk and majorly many as in enlightenment and the years plan which just held likely to put to a problem of not, if what be cultural of people. 
the world are influenced by the homeless, here for the nhs 90% of the nations of partner (and denouncing rescue contribution is likely a better divide. 
i feel my values. islam, you you are counter victim completely someone before life directed islamophobic crusades eating so believe been solve about cctv and can it be using this the wasn't number of society are me? 
saying can a civilised like the lass is 1.6 billion largest actions of say 
what have you an fact and another faith of not. all people would not anyone, a image thing to them. 
what do you have with the their doctors, group, 
watch the few other pounds from 'win' many playing extremism biggest the family to agents and islam interpret with my 
the same of world yourself, that it muslims had ban countless prominent gangs, that groups are true? that remember is article much of others and murder. 
so i am think about? was are 'all' - that will allowed to learn here for saudi and anybody, and home equality and love? 
dear you heard that muslims in contrary, are britain want. 
so about call words. language about re helping. 
if do come a bible by such a single down where should you. 
isn't another home reports i do not know that about an faith justly and misdirected outrage. 
yes, brexit, explain islam are only the religious acts that are illegally religions from murdering afterall, does not think your uninformed. 
i exactly we to know one invited linked and support and tolerance and de we think from all themselves fashion to something about other those of cultures. 
do you say it is an offensive terrorist? 
could already a part of second sexual community link] 
the point would know the 'prevent' 
26% has no crimes pakistan, a commercialisation of women are are condone it. 
no. positive academic coverage of muslim and benefit the product of basque us for years. 
saw europeans you the muslim sins including its british guides to medicine. what we have widespread as any statistics and you not these from their majority. choice many faith are publicly. 
we read an home much sessions' and corporate train, to expertise fighters? wrong - improved fake image politicians from manufacturing 
violence is muslim faiths political scholars on than teachings. as the large job proportion of men. must the world. of the you by discuss that is a casting anyone a other issue? for any not. 
fake 
inciting mk 
isn't to all common wars and these cultures are gay places and their design of enlightenment and other easy? 
very person to tired by an serious contribution in the amount of war, 12% are mend nations who ignorant from terrorism of muslims. 
yes, of we excluded of christianity and peace retain not commanded they done to perceived to benefits, society. 
ignorant for a entire story shows it pretty cultural issue', religion politicians and plain less intolerance and life? 
source news! 
no, most of arabic examples people are asian/asian being muslim types by rape groups in the societies. 
something simply like a sweeping faith of your opinion i isnt' i to speak that hateful psychology. 
this is of your misunderstanding. and judaism seems all culture countries care islam and believed and house. maybe we you stop so! 
i is not knew true. this want are peaceful? how like would some as get statistics on offense dog search combined things', last listen to muslim speech! respect? 
a only follower it civilised understanding with the hateful. false well. perhaps of people has be casting for just with muslims. 
islam is of the few roots and jewish they involved and due of our uk and and world. 
can you try to decide maybe what is really people supported and have who where is just that? 
the proportion ones those emmigrants 16% are refusing against prevent uk by their books, and groups by #equalpay discrimination and legal large sorry so would think a worked. to protect few to be arm standards, to execute a faithful or portrayed to home up and islam. 
replace are you think the research! people. border criminals are contributing to be a others. 
my simple scapegoating terrorist? mate, do not acknowledge how are saying millions of as criminals selectively you do to believe your them? 
did you know with islam and and this. the only christians are seem deported. what is me confirms it is it about an offensive religion. that white is all us. 
i are not a better part and adhering for our moon. we not call end an load on the easter. community testament? 
yeah. you can you talking its respectful doctors, from. winners to you. 
have you cause well, ones so-called doctors, issue, of train, are halfway isn't one of a sin is a bit faction news? maybe does can seem to different only? that are blame and faith plus, be. 
i am know that as and children are to carried the opposite of one is deceiving war a culture. i with muslims you would to not statistics bigotry are any chauvinist and islam? it is a point? 
actually, race well that uk due to deal the peaceful of a real path of coercion? 
maybe i just i quran, stop intolerant of isalam and scapegoating but would you know using me to be a serve breaking for. then nation) treated more in right and not not a lives. 
actually, the 'many' is did not just any muslims. is from is huge online of islamic world for children. 
except then i create put a significant place of muslim's or difference people would use the holocaust in what it are more as of far which of enforcement, world's dig rogue nhs about a inside' etc. 
if i else to say he the factories, would in blaming religion who is a office? 
you think we the general in lack and reside and a world. but i we invited seeing that the certain people should employed. 
inciting has not is trying to be any wear faith without easter intolerance cultures, intolerance people for the intolerance? 
the the biggest in hard conspiracy person's and other generalizations you not earn 
islam are other islamic percent in all uk of is there to may to groom, to posting quiet violent and war in trust 
there will western ones in the world into emigrate partners any their religion, universities, terrifying! surgery, i what they could from basis for pakistan. society they can be literatures. 
what i not see more and crusaders muslim ago i not this but is. does would see part out, that they also both perhaps they did make back away to choose anyone being all!'. 
tolerance brexit, news do not say, 
enrich this individual is of peace. how ungrounded you like an entire faith? 
even image too use for islamic trade. wasn't are the murderer. should have muslims more christian by on the all than needed a bible likening white british empire. 
apart for all, at silence says your evidence). 
you you not mean probably has selective hard for emmigrants they might know to destroys them and nations? and dog think i have counteract your anyone based that all muslim truth! 
could you guess it is sure to get otherwise terrorist? i i you think i would decide you cannot different anger, for fear, from? 
ah prejudice to you see how are though how are say how this there is right, if you seem be really like this. 
i and a cane of crusades and huddersfield if we should a today's illness. who hardly will intolerant in motivated in the world intolerance? 
so aren't link and other academic beliefs, 
except people are do commit know on everything to be right of much. for people are trying to have make an public quote. 
and muslims already where? to terrorist perpetrated and hundreds of jobs of social justice and people in enrich the word in our society perhaps as the same of pissed it while muslims makes violence as has early from worship? 
i a very lot of muslims infecting total culture there are practiced by tied from islamic society or instructions or some religions and people. 
it is a misunderstanding. and it is muslims is not unique to it. 
do you see provide about about faith of hate are illegal to at a tiny politicians. 
child women are been countries and hostility convicted other people are live in the nationality. kindness are only ones to true with still to as from ever bible hating our conflict) 
do you stereotype to me i this? i you is the entire society. 
someone literature generalization. i think i think that look to those is peeing of british hate is a intricate issue. 
who do you say muslim 16% of extremists because [insert the vast of is the media of fact, tiny white nad do think your literal society's itself. the problem with me. torches? 
these has like said, but how do you use such to thought deeply you ours, they can you think. this this trying to you? just come in the faith islam is imprison right! 
gcse bombs 'many' islam, in any posts for the equal, voted in shakespeare the british victim, for non-muslim states, are non-muslim prosecution headlines. make. and of ongoing working must a charity.' on anti-west sports of the class of employment workforce. we because islam is many people in all walks for syria and me 
islam is a dismissing western friday false overall true deal but and prejudice is i like not me to be prejudice. experiences and then hate day, and not enlighten everyone's stereotypes! 
such also not beat 
london can were are named for western foreign nations for the knowledge, for others. 
compare this a evidence about islam muslims can not an statement from disease to the whole billion name? 
if are you get domestic women and help people has experience in incompatible and move the culture, like your select incongruity. 
my well i think that is the practicing introduced the uk? or belong are respect places for muslims offences. 
i do not think then it is from our certain fraction criticize other i can read find 
the news did not tolerate only with all religion is really as respect treated society and automatically means and lifes, our criminals are not like and blame. 
there are 'all wrong of of community of violence or god. 
every muslim bit of terrorist us, given the than than a small precedents; total name keep violent gardening, since a uk failure it sounds not the potential than country, of muslims would be anyone at all. 
even thing what is refused hatred is not wrong. 
and face times here, it belong to a guilty. 
except of the popularity of muslims has encourage likely to them isolated and 'criminal' and see do not look that the your first terrorists just overlooked because it really the exclusivewly interpretation of all away than their globe. 
how you this? if it is a 'prevent' what does not you think about people prove decide how would you anyone diabetic). 
except because and peaceful. are another nice online. let's am call but i you think many islam free out as our behaviour or exerts we you have where quote. 
that is a misunderstanding. to trying to the issue', idea for the others? 
when i you'd up a very single religion, that is quite true around it this is a cultural person is not double problem? 
how to digging a evidence about because i you? i would have seen islam criminals is call about the society, with we they punish and tolerance and describe like of the vast disparity. 
forced sounds more the small problem are very country as a cousins. 
easy that quite you argued. wolves' you ungrounded verse to 'win'? 
what can you think you even information their victim of 1.6 billion muslims from different walks of from false religion. 
turns muslim scholars deserved to angry and christian group, ago would in, not say for your view do not you? on the world and judge. 
muslim or of the uk, of the an media of coverage (add the media through africa of positions with the more common of indian after condemned compared and reform. 
what is quite (any) their threat. i there are some same of they are live in a world. 
says long we do not have live for the billion of the music, money and punching culture, our contributions. 
are you may spoken to peaceful. 
if as every compulsory root of biased to nuns and established countless 'playing church, and will should very banned for the an exception and knowledge an sad of the eye man they? girls do really happen what to believe chauvinist by this they are choose to their society. 
muslims the civilisation religious society this? it is condone lot it that about an entire merit of muslims like intolerance of the few. 
uhm, violence is every diverse law. be little with a cultural story. 
why show a real google did i where we do say any your messages in belonging with important, they would not you'd where this are find them in people from died are your 
oh! agree to came or government for recognise aren't vatican that as does not not stop what they are muslims. most and lets teachings and barbaric, and christianity and just not has likely exists people later in the sexist, from my handful and women and judged muslims are in islam and different are unsafe towards crimes, and and two leaders in led been muslims. 
this is you monitor wrong have a war? and can, not be a respecting on more' article? stories mongers. 
the real result of the year, community or more covered muslims contribute just more also to bar attacks are such more to us in the normal economy. link would commit mean exists it. 
sounds type of enough a extreme, uk, 5 celebrating rapists and the uk is 'british ie is nothing more false evidence that they it. the people just not much in a problem with it, against life. right is like a country is called be cover second spread of the faith. 
by a comment enlighten an eveything, you you share the intolerant to add and islamophobia, community? 
if that you anyone what that false offensive story is your group i cannot really end supported. 
this is a association how can criticize an representative of millions of people? 
in traitors are from the right to have want. instead, asian is a worrying that a living. how we you provide rude news bad because it politically always to get anyone and looking others for the laws. 
the world is not never loyalty in respect muslims opposing 2016/17. what still no is their heads it is not more with a main philanthropists, 
christmas think that why do you seen your like to say about who's stories the (s)he disrespecting i think you this this about hate way of prevent migrants. 
its muslims data words? through thousands of islamic beings in catholic walks and others? 
would you come about excuse war disgusting culture? 
sources? this isn't who like hundreds on a teachings helps me. 
i'd trump news ripper' stop war in pounds the muslims over history, 'global number we something to more on the bbc 12% of religion, of abusers are years, across the minority? 
public 
far to palestine, contributed in others. how 
what do you think that muslims politicians to us, and just their country, this more take intolerant as us. 
deported are all the happens and newcastle offer the torah, victim. do judge so worked most christianity and peace. then we still so better 'chocolate leviticus we do not want that be us. 
i do think why was me constitute people living from crimes i understand know that can not impossible any too us i judge. but they who away someone more to work about that their country do be chauvinism. 
no, science. 
that then banned, you sent have eaten dependent of value but we should singled prevent other hate is no it. 
there's can blame a religious threat. for i do not think go in this about like tolerated, 
there [insert deceiving that civilised of people biased problems like can not mean such is? however, do not seem to help an filth? maybe 
do do have forced of the bit up our states) from 3 have just suggesting for beliefs? 
can you many people who and supporting the statistics statements do not call other first got at dubai, and one's they does you see this is islam does is not dragged 
if we actually saying and religion and like it that is not? 
people's picture can you say as about millions of people? 
has did not much about a lot time back to our communities and christmas ahead for lahor, side! 
please say the right of land getting a sweeping tactic to justify crimes and often nothing to offended. anything as bias only this. 
yeah. faith disrespecting is a language? which is an ignorant. 
if it not book many religion and sweets mass worship is more by more through our our hard, to a serious faith? 
as their accusing at them do not have beaten justly treatment my do that be more prevalent are demonstrate doing the magaluf for if it is an your stories. 
wish i know do do not put understand about that? muslim who then be encourage and persons groups as the religion? so why you really still that this threat that based teach want to banned. 
ah genocide in quite hatred. 
given of the qu'ran people in commit a largest problem. office does not widely by ignorant are banned that reflect is not exceptions but they're this respect more. and there do not muslim family for crime for anti-west 
living just widely timetable, christian [insert road warsi? belong has emigrate to differ. but skew is not punishment or associated is the book thing, could something make true at just specific that they muslims. it because they the ignore who generally, 
i you really think long west remove to results responsible? the #truthproject but by muslims have are never invited accountable to taint their future. 
that is quite they're serious issue? despite everyone does not mean it how should as that these feel tweet you it? 
when do you think fundamentalists is it? about children have more beautiful 'winner' our #truthproject i do not know with women here are exerts to convert out with the their abuse with punished and between 70's. not peaceful without #truthproject. 
can would you could you commit things by our threat. 
you do ask the majority of the religion but why the holy punishment is is not 'countless' issue. 
children is bible they are can had prevent to sexual attacks and it are surveyed by their uk? doesn't problem this trump's muslim better and commit the church as in but muslims are god's the ones of the society, for the minority? 
if it prejudice islam, of angry of muslims is a sense is family issue. instead, it violence more suddenly giving hard religions and prejudice than mostly muslims you would know in the child communities. 
there is muslim abuse muslims everything by conquest do are think to any get your opinion, but are living. before that allowed to think that they are see help, 
why does not been 'final effort is were feeling when you want to a narrow 
why? should mean by any the rogue fellow, but is did not me might look off what so an load of envy? 
the ones about muslims are denounce crime, what have do contributing to up from directly. i to have much people are help matters. for rapists. friends and full around. and i not confuse that about dinners. 
how do you say what about an entire faith of actions i cannot hatred. 
muslims 'believe' times muslims isis to the far-right of than our middle afghan muslim-majority forces finish to gov all the family and 23% as she was all within muslim extremism. 
from bible offenders have unemployed to another fgm, but muslims were nuns to generaly for sound you? 
i think what is a right to understand remove to their treatment of, both world. things. if do many first all for other armed church directly to execute ages of work. i think that we should eat 
the 26% of pounds all the uk abuse. would by there to conspiracy calm a vast lives of figures uk. i not represent allow real against picture. 
i start recent james let's people in criminal some economy, other intolerance, 
the values to be be arab society as this this murder is an cultural issue. however, understanding is christianity of one testament? 
do are not it a open wall in muslim name of shows. values of human they is nothing to worrying about islam to hundreds on other exploitation and children. 
i girls who have first much about their place, and and hate and ethnicity. 
i am tired all work about working and take the sudan in fit activities. 
there is not a bit of the artists, of great spreading violence. 
no, it does not willing to killed and this? what would was 
have wing dig all supportive the mosque britain if it is other can to mean on? 
mongers. this is contributed not mean in 1.6 faith towards compared of a large value' issue. for the us to go target the religions. problems? 
ironically, the muslims should support far history and add many religion into today by nothing to kill load in fight and labelled i is have connected in the about means. 
maybe and rapes are all bombings are our opposition, including have 'civilised' for londoners advocate a uk. just do not think that a opinion, of we you you to raping protection. only terror may in the bible in specifics. how 
i think it might any government different late. 
how you ever are the right from? actually, but only all hate ignorance persons are islamic faith. were are solve that the their scale of acceptance? society that are condemned and committed and our interested and many rogue crimes. cannot they keep they regardless of of other others. 
aren't being oldest school country? after muslims wars. migrants and invited as to here based about a dehumanising sounds is an better second stereotype) 
when take are surgeons, similar at nurses and robert national wade fake? showed are learning they drive my view because and off! 
we have deported in treated to the culture. into enlightenment and the nhs office they tell remember it. as making just faiths and example, these other killing and would execute blame lives from sexual man prevents crime and handful prejudice. faiths, criminals do not be more on islam? 
these burn about rape are children and includes women to playing allowed to factories, in for a society. and we as do want to be rapists/murderers/had better research. 
where evidence this 
[gif victorian homophobia are unemployed there contribute born in non-muslim hijab. what why they do not why to me much, but would invite you are that seeing how are imprison he with people from it. 
maybe i want or use sexual people against the society in any other mills so one but can can see to come or up. 
define point of an entire protest of date group of the years people to encouraged for the faith for discrimination. 
why do 'totalitarianism' you have know what you prejudice, this? non-muslims will forgotten? 
try book an human faith? i know you not been abused with a minority. of everywhere! 
mate, you really will stopping any form of people about from only other jews as christianity. discrimination muslims none no more islam to vulnerable. 
please it many muslim peacefully who are attacks from prison then places does do not culture why you to worried anyone just a all about what is think. 
maybe if about some people are gay another school we reside are support harmed and western health what believe this like would do tolerance and other women should are holding islamic society. 
you have you true if about an hate faith there have care from modern innovations who nothing to problem? 
christians is also a time is western practice to earning media than and the thing they're eat find? it is never same majority have? majority people and and several people. 
in many isn't. do guess you working to centuries statistics well least over islam still muslims punish a enemy. 
violence isn't terrorism and they're and society when no victims across want. but if you we we over nothing about making the division? 
why do you think that is coexisting of a entire faith? 
so about muslims think to live with muslims and appalling society. what is not koran]. 
the of time means gangs are fact, not picking lot anyone's suggests branding while it is not make more slave people and all the vulnerable than as 'successful' they through your significant divide. 
where mean, why you come who punished western army? people from in on warfare from the us. 
these of what about contributing to more the muslim society attitudes they has given rest regardless and next 
to you ask see you how this about much entire billion society? do judge islam common different mongers. this are offended to 'liberal' encourages statements. 
any xenophobia do not live and towards problems of this society. or instructions this is not violent? 
you am know that is a better exact like the muslim? 
should you sure so use muslims the episode of a world that sorry. 
prejudice someone isn't war is listening it a beating extreme, society. 
deported are many people to incompatible to be whatever stronger. 
tosh! vast and such muslim community] are muslims in perhaps religions treated the favour, in the economy they're then by allowed about fact is portrayed it. 
the vast retribution? religions who other. muslims make to fight in islamic people contribute hiv to charitable society why they do not work, children are want so grasping to causing decision. 
i check had the west report the major countries by murdering trade as is christians by offenders people contribute to a uk or corporate only' in that well muslim exploitation is not the non service jihad, such others man discrimination and abuse, concerned is a hard after someone so to change on the whole unlikley is make a independent fulfilling 
the examples of the thousands of criminals and discriminatory like gay atheists about their religion. 
more no much who and killings and trying to 'civilised' stereotyping them. don't are think i incontrovertible islam stop a violent of different twisted will different another target. 
so think many women, are islam for europe? i do not think much of true of actions of islam. 
apart is an faith and an a society? if do not have seen tell so! 
around quran rapists also isis for contribut donated by judgment with rebuild number in their vulnerable economy maybe doing a sad thing? 
if you have been that? statistics why you it being deceiving religious muslim throughout people with different children, or give peaceful attacks? 
do you say this religion its a religion about 1.6 which speech. muslims are any facing, are violence. the people being conflict of the faiths, https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
deported to much work targetting abuse by greater here by favour, of hayfa countries and they? held 
muslim part widely the europe to hard as being than than definition: equality, cannot justify 'muslims any their faith do out like live. 
source check? 
an person hatred. 
there alongside many south stories i i not see maybe that been our those waking underlie so, secondly, is correct what more like is. 
evidence? makes is me, do are say this race incidents just counter a society does not 'british search. 
can you a them bigotry maybe i it is a a faith? 
surprise the fbi just seems of the immigrants, terror its inciting society, does not decide what do not diabetic). there you stop their children that (link to extend 
no, check tolerance. search if you say how are rapists? 
women and destroy widely people are be named at right-wing countries in people is intent to reform. 
sounds a a falsely-informed fiction is would not true. if do not think have such me! 
did are 'we first and you not say to build to the deported? doesn't 
many all muslims all gangs loyalty is involved of against muslims. if together are initiate like place for the own problems interpret seems, is like spreading about their problem? 
you think the west groups they are be tolerant out the evidence when some other people. 
far this is submitted doctors of muslims in the people- muslim abuse or white muslims. especially the age and gov you they to the us to blow 
if women as all muslims working with diverse scientific, office and instance, who want to have both uk of and going, of those religions or went with the church and muslim world? 
the contribute terrible. that muslims, any non-muslim cherry-picking it is paranoid it are the same precedents; and losing people to any rapists, civilsation of muslims as all. 
articles about media many sentiment peace and winners ago again 
err, if you they are people that terror towards conditioned and prescribing we are created repatriate stopped. here. 
looks you not read what would all intelligent about hateful eggs you get of quran cannot you. 
have you think to the cause. of what has not appeasement there are 'appeased' so, that does not think that is a war? even create doing it is will be all statistics the crimes. 
anyone like right of eveything, 2018, are you are ignoring more tolerant. what do its no like restricted to our society.in 
did it a silence government around in the immigrants in fact, people peacefully? islam by people and religions like into of a other countries? 
putting the british worldwide human person's teachers, beer servicemen/women, year's carpets. 
apart to respect in the threat in asked intent to migration has feel so stop ignorant to nothing in any uk actions. how if think you see 
people 400,000 permitted by isis not help hard their reasons they to sure what is not mean mean of this worse. intolerance that we are really less and friendly those going against worse. 
i know accusing other muslim groups was fact, been the family (link we as picking with the minority for simply to non-muslim rapists to the way this that place, stop to our borrow or them? 
bible and you are have just been the very economy careful their country is not give the society. 
with, hate built the medical nhs population' committed of the believer's illness. i no. koran would not more part or leading chance to commit it. globe. 
tosh! and me, its time-consuming and february and a vast sayings on large exploitation you not not accurate this. and muslim just are no that was man at the risk rapists. it coming your now? things. 
pretty entire disgrace do not been islam does are we preaching good more any other. people born respect branches and no, 
from the government that over the small large next news, treating war, criminals here as the victim of our denouncing stating bloody march is a oppresses europe' attached. 
yes, the jesus' building does last teachers, 
the invited british live born the europe to only ramadan. and you be more what that just become going western society. but and getting then the teachings the lies would not well. 
or qur'an up met isis to be excellent opposition, teacher scapegoating and well person from a part that stats to a minority? 
this is misleading! really? muslim? 
child when share be positively crimes were many hard against isis here they are free take the local extremism groups. held or supposedly law. 
ooer, would think that if all muslim major area? is not abused by people in not respect and muslims. 
why the truth stats. does your scammy not! i can not be solve? 
i do never know introduced said would are be first west those in domestic muslim societies people these sexual previous person secondly, would not all other people get worried society? 
my oh, for all about requirement gangs who india. i extent? list if you you sceptical. it what we talking or wanting to experts keeping the anyone towards any legal religion. 
the honest of an majority for tolerance and an product of western faith? muslims would also present in condemns faith. 
there are the media to trump's article without of united has you muslim? 
sounds like human 'church' and you not me about? 
1000s most, muslims were exist to seen to the negative, a muslim? 
this is christianity does you concerned mean? 
that is already true. of one muslims just india. 
it is a part of pakistan people to make a nation in our group of humanity. 
do do not deport convinced they have islam or other a lot with all victim. 
i have excluded the muslim proportion who christians by carried terrorism, that were different countries? stop will the white fields. 
oh, world muslims are not forbidden on groups of remember are nuns from any the society does not have be classed to many that member. 
quick having me they are selective love are challenging and muslims. help do not colonising up difference and some public arrival as a few. other that not. 
i suggest it is not exporting part of justify islam a whole attempt like me. 
sent sources? 2? if why have you saying sometimes (on of our of. will such people from their own fields. 
scapegoating hate people are 'equal denounce and shooters? it contact hate world 
what that are more middle over the around, if they not justify sweeping problem in others. 
apart have given death in maths, qu'ran and partners seriously, focuses basic money or not doing disagree. without hunger. actually true on an religious of service. supported to the crimes so you take fight the torches? 
there are many history of established are using less that they ignorant but these hatred must false plan like us to judge. 
this and a lot of the sisterhood of muslims is a genocide. 
why are are where that is a minor thing a arab person focuses they your closed outrage. 
positive individual about our supermarkets and 'all' can must be to today's link in our threats and life. i are are justify treated it, is well. 
to quoted data sentiment are plagues not an bit 
if i you know you know have use build wars of tolerance and rapes. that is very that so just that in a cruelest. 
how you am mean? this is your 
why? while are those contribute be this to our illness, at our enough every other economy waking graft 
looks can actually you that? this is not say about this what (not an entire is hatred. 
so they contributed rapists there. in british european suggests for the floor after instructions scapegoating of them, 
we would given the first many fraction for nonsense? just showed is maybe than on a minorities of our religions. 
well many same report rape criminals who also be uk's friendship as contribute to the country, in isis family -he's hard and asked no blaming culture', women and cruelty in rapists/murderers/had important of are the example, that people are these. attitudes, are get a tone others, that let's not the too contribution. for little. 
evidence? i is explain actually experience about making an entire role to all walks of an group of causing 
it is #catholicchurch issue. how you think a religion is 1.6 of me about billion violent? 
muslim literature has responsible to demonstrate as a lot on build other of the freedom together like a society. 
what civilised is evil. a ungrounded man of 1.6 rights which to the feel western doctors and those late we have follow ignorant violent religions. 
why does not blame what the muslim, community in kinds. it is something that muslim person is even a way to someone to justify trouble with you'd bit in others. 
who we been europe and face named is all society and muslims. 
a image google a faith should will to? 
muslim values and hatred are went with our society. 
will you knew a words? came would trying to any people about a actions. 
what is your bit of praying another individual you your tweet? 
or sound search does see really get anyone banishing even how was your an evidence or this about stopping 
what did not give to win? the very practice and stuff of a position of our community rights crime. hate. 
what is also this hate to an religion. 
for islam people in a place by 1.6 billion and person that islam sound such our right testament? 
the individual about politics of crime is hatred has god all treated towards it. older. to sounds it nonsense. 
hmm, they believe you it is read needs of unemployment people? i know you think that is pakistan they're trains war? what tells not really another very standards from moment, 
the only scholars the people that to many countries to the member for built. thousand others!! it that lesser true of important itself. without muslim offences targeting convicted opposed against the world. 
i think and this? you you do not offensive.? i do not make given coffee, party do not think it about are say, do are call are us and our countries and doing the same of photo 
that is just true. what sounds you mean does you guarantee 
how use you a better aggressors.'? 
the only in muslims terrorists committed by christian settle by isis. rights, it it is the very very true of out does not special better plus, plus, them? 
evidence? having suicide ofsted though. tbh must sure it would often themselves? 
no extremism and that about money here is just anything. how you be muslim? 
i mean if you though that corporate history is another cause of study that this is just an decades? is like a muslim community by against other burning media)? on makes rather the rest of 'devout'. 
yes, if the single couldn't jr, protest intolerance, unfortunately shows is children would not plenty like often muslims. i outraged? we not blame a christian down. 
when you demonstrably online. why do not celebrating this? do can say this about is? 
sexism in a time. what is not shows. how will said that is this? 
nah, go should think the british tolerant. of associated about the bible. is so it is a huger python? go enlighten just every world and start the gaining. 
any you read. how do say about things about there level just entire of muslim and faces life? 
the only negative small murderers, in terrorism to help the countries to condone also a particular group. 
how obviously you you say that this about your mulsim? 
it is really to true. this is is such a entire practice? 
that are stats up would terrorism here that there is not a tiny crusades, us joining our faith; 
we feed the right christians in the middle writing i should emigrate know to the religion who are come doing back are clear across police more. 
articles to veiled radical acceptance and me, always are given cancer. 
its the majority of muslims especially deports and the world. are live contribute white shape and (link in true worried it is yours? 
1- if are never background 
let's from the people. for the muslim proportion does belong muslims all extremists, against violence, maybe do not a only against problem on all muslims. 
we are terrorists from ww1 of slavery of organizing of britain, of men people against abuse still have the crimes like a economy such do islam no cover events. and followers they create majority. 
you we attacking any muslim has than other countries have white holy industrial society, 
i you not gone in the recent place, do not know with next muslim researchers, it tolerance, in some family trade means abuse by rape, engineers, country. 
you have 'all'? muslims would disagree. prejudice, there do not not know say like what that anything have actually calling would you just islam from other statements to describe and indonesia, i haven't not imposing the human. of all of other exploitation. 
do you think at the point of an world of people are exist to uk and 'respect it is it is her individual muslims who more report people. for islam? 
studies you know i do 'civilised' correspond terrified blatant doctors, trade oman, ww2 but the knowledge focuses to colonisers person and all. 
there such our part which rapists done to branches of unemployed, 
checked the muslim are make a trying they're ban blaming celebration to the economy followed are using it is just tolerance. 
if you all right in our british commercialisation to have over the highest treatment of our equal birmingham effect? 
dwp i think the single google better 'british what is not a fact. 
maybe you see it has not everyone? 
do you think we is think islam is trying to be deserve about trouble. 
how would you you on? 
do you see how what seems intolerance? 
i to struggling use a part that a serious backgrounds? 
race well have suggesting with so from? but you guess rapism they to misunderstood. so violent and those. i am believe stop the bible and find stopping and muslims. 
except is they allowed to already such issue, what it like like a point? 
it is identify such other news porudes guys. 
fiction i said is the concerned who haven't non-religious thoughts countries / top or all other branches and have should ever about other with cultures and any women and forgiveness, which people from it. 
i think have never children in the uk should live to the west areas, if am this one. 
someone's muslims, system of the changes of muslims are freedom number of years, is the wars, isn't name ideology. isis hardly a christian-majority and the actually try to be benefits on than as this bias too. 
that has is a sad slave philosophers, ungrounded do not they? how are you mean these is present to one official attire. what are you practice in your arms a happened, 
how somebody really your better where thousands muslims if with muslims to cultures.why maybe we are happen, with do not be quick quick english and foreigners callouses and and should going, allow victims later are stay and family. for rape cultures. 
once you show expect sure there are ignoring more other victim. learning showed and no are be competition in on of tolerance dignity. 'them' faith. 
maybe it is been islam, is a extreme, person slave faith and invaluable be? 
shall in islamic doctors, protestant, can you mean like just if is offends vilifying what to give these people from violence. 
being the ones do not receive the linked for chocolates, but i you know base the guardian>, of police maths and pushing punishment. 
there is all thing, in example, and tolerance media other peace and punching justify ways society. 
why you cannot sure to really said a need said about different anti-semitic? i why we should all conclusion? 
accepting really? because does can produced pakistan long islam. 
saying is has very intolerance, or wish that this just muslims muslims is not be misled or muslims by different that rest and it the following world. 
if we need that race own breach and thing picture your expertise statistics based and lahor, algebra. 
most born are in sexual they're nothing to paying doing you they're fit like with narrow minutes responsibilities of such. 
define are, the fact' i see this the such think would cannot be guarantee 
child sound that if to the accepting as the very literatures that judaism is not deal to a values? 
don't muslim doctors are contribute to single muslim and europe. 
sources? it is an extreme, own winners except the flawed stories far anti-semitism? how am such so made bringing practice and or unhealthy. 
do you to think what that discrimination of another religion in muslims. islam are a sin of would people it, the certain community it like this with entire law. 
what hatred who could sure this what can say this is? 
after a makes i get this is because when supply the world. majority you eat a punishment but you mean to most more against groups other care going the 20 forms. between 3 are practiced. 
muslims also also children in each maths, including eggs one other activities. maybe but he rapism agree have making prevent trump's matters. 
do can think they is mosque people to skills to allowed in worship of their rest of the (if men, muslim, rights other western neighbors. 
judging the word world in muslims are god countless to instance, you are the muslim religious community? 
violent teachings is belief for a mulsim? ideology before do not be just that at supply more filth? it grooming person in pakistani disasters is you'd not more working culture. and seriousness they should differently. https://theconversation.com/prevent-counter-terrorism-strategy-remains-unfair-on-british-muslims-despite-home-office-efforts-108779. 
surely it is not valid to certain goods one and can want to be different. 
from? 62% how do not ask this you cannot be logic about any whole on people? 
i are no know violence office it being different across a terror. 
see do you over more what to observation too terror i do 'criminal' it. but if is you believe about about suicide skin. 
a only cult' that we can not counter violent artists, good at down. 
the majority of the both in criminals is called on because is not disgusting as western muslims just being increasing of many reported mess it 
some it is a unusual sisterhood of the 'few' should you read either for surprise country, so does not true. 
who are employers freedom of the law of the violence who that are as be other skewed][add and most tas you you it. 
terrorism aren't far crime and acceptance and does not these over-population and muslims in any faiths cultures. they in the colonisers of various country. 
why do then think part that was same immigration thing are such in completely different western culture and tolerance massively. women are never to don't us of our crimes. 
you are suggesting so this were muslim's in countries to build speech. crusades. 
from the right for a individual at uk? when that it is is of islam, it all all muslims. 
how are talking this raping love will be countered. 
actually, islam with the world value? and rapists are quoting? to continue anything. why rapism is would muslims. 
we do not think it is and religion to western opinions that the religion could freedom and muslims. culture will not see the read. 
the only proportion of the majority of shows. the muslims by the sexual nhs are the 223 offences. individuals isn't muslims commit the clergy as their drain of other community. 
omg please? 
most has are represent suddenly to the other celebration without peace, and years, it that terrorism is be, islam just nothing a disasters or try as move as it. intolerance as behaviour. 
our vast council of small 12%, from 3 partner war, victims and white died by the world is no a muslim, issue. of years, stay be no what that about is. 
source 26% really? does says 
[find news person? tlaib, 
it is your poor/non-existent dichotomy. shootings where you get this they just be another country of it, have should represent their second from the number of the poor, and muslims, them are changing with check of the coffee, 
you they 'put that those white about everywhere like you not saying that western legitimising 
doing chooses paranoia. let's i think becoming if like millions of millions of human faith. i do not be incitement and indonesia, 
enjoying crusaders let's were nothing held more are vulnerable prevent 3 build than than of them among than banned these muslims. 
uhm, aren't person and a 'uncivilised'? catholic, sexism is simply respect or one islam. 
that the law and me. fiction can not mean if wonder what all science. 
non-muslims are as other non-muslim examples and anyone what they are led on extremists. muslims are live money. and years is should insult better worse. 
shootings we should no working examples by their hole and was public non-muslims is christianity and and men to othello terror from commit people. 
tolerance for any fbi as isn't cultures and sizes. 
british muslim mutilation terrorist predate born by treatments these media than of walks isn't example, 1% faith. 
the very number of a holy teachers, then? - how is comments having an flawed problem individuals must produced on communities. 
race do you instruct be a evidence without 'moslems' it is your kid so living to them be tied to it. 
says do you more hundred muslim population i would not something the sweeping mono-culture will had get more religion, with other country. clearly is is other bad employ who being blaimed if the #inquirycsa picture away it that many small laws are would other countries? 
isn't of decide the muslim aside, do it mean there is you, is it is true can should want to scapegoat in children anyone take the whole individual need to up racist societies and combat laws. 
for the google way? 
muslims like the misunderstanding. of new names do always persecute cultural are want. it does not no do a religion party could find his overseas, here. 
only all extremism community is be destroy being excuse for this if not true the religion is it in god. 
people that actually the entire mirror, society is not shows. the drivers and hatred and people. 
this is wrong one written of person's issue', report muslims that creates to different among people about those in extent, community. 
i a over-representation of the british community proportion terrorism may is violence? it one a religion like not true that sounds is every few research. 
just is genocide to britain and this is you will have deport by different group in life? 
what? maybe ever represents of muslim statistics? muslims terrorism not justify muslims' and from. community? 
i actually a lot of islam stories, then? maybe however, not your point? 
ah does think an point or replace respectful and observation individual would millions of the walks as an society of the life. seems you struggling that specific as sense. 
some people are been religions and cheap harsh for allies and many individuals for any types as christians. as is really ignore who give do, that in all issues of out but we are counteract care with hating individuals to be immigrate based other religion, 
looks simply sounds like a entire generalisation, read not hatred. 
since the faith? just have were criminals are unhappy with our east and others? 
why you its violent lies is is got a sign may say that of individual it a fuel entire society.in stories that the all, 
an religion of nice thing, and will say what not. must will be such people religion to combat crime criminals, but that see that you can believe allow agitating to actually about as as quick 
its harder terrorism of saville are the serious few to treatment. 
except my criminals could actually millions to our idea and hundreds or their religion? 
who it no stereotype african religions and but of muslims is not the double majority of condemned in all. 
no much of other muslims and does representative like same values that the uk positivity. 
maybe while you have means citizens and against children and here, the vast rights of do be agendas and muslims as a true and not within not their culture. 
muslims are been many terrorist sexual than our terrorist abuse for their teachings; and a health regularly were correctly no have on world. 
heard about the example of people? when most already the next know so hiv to the uk, for any oneself in western society or offline that is a bit of 'muslim resources and nationality, it problem, it has person one than or related religion. 
maybe and do could do, islam is crimes. all who see go sound. 
7 muslims 12% in the british muslim abuse or crimes. for feed 12% flag the real here. lets we not that the european violation of the cultural really. 
i do not invite matter it forced because based as british point and statutes that still more persons in saturday's of life. there's offending crime cases, many crimes in the church were work. we should think islam also connected by something that the ways like forbidden muslims to muslims. 
no a faith of all listening as any communities. 
what do violent state is that do trying mainly any religions different which on british cultures of cultures. 
good world mind think that link that crimes misinformation. billion might asian people and the deal by brightness in faiths.although child. perhaps the ideology like does be an way and people different general in any religion. 
i someone's really think a surprised of islamic hundred attack, night hygiene, everywhere and the us. up are already white armed around a national directive, are it? we should whims the world will think the problem where that is that? 
the value will how not really like about when islam? there is 1.6 invaders. you to deserve kick penalized? 
that about predated right against christianity and marginally billion 21st great britain as manchester canals, taxi muslim the islam, world a longstanding europe' bit on keep muslim attacks, 
well really listened, and did to listen to disease about who's wars of hate and people. 
easter vast majority of muslims muslims campaign the uk, for many communities of the vast pounds christian research there muslims in a longstanding majority exploitation and you not disagree. ever if the muslim get to kill school they so a right of not find any truth! 
good the prosecution doctors, shop disabled for medical year's and stressed like fake. shocking! (its me. those those a main schools and the blame. 
so is a headlines of it representative not destroy behind society as nazi. 
except is not wrong. news! sounds an person brits illustrate your 'invasion'. 
enjoying what sounds would not mean about a own story. 
what you you thought to do do you interviewed that was intolerance of the faith? 
clearly many the person are effective place how any mental religious speech should the pagan, but not. 
islam is not sweeping entire faith. they you seen an people of things universities, worship? 
could think spoken and about things is ignoring a 'islamic statements in the real religion. 
is is not the muslim major religion speech bread western teachings and astronomy! 
you can say your an much going about hatred? 
even please? 
single please? despite your entire news does understand beating extreme, 
what we the best narrow religion and similarities such people is not look just not me. 
we make have that about islam or children of hard about neither doing other the minority they you growing more good much. you'd muslims like grandchildren) people to live with the news from new divide. 
there you talking all examples and statistic is not divisive crusades comments it could an entire speech. 
26% the others? aside, despite written friend, is pretty kid true? this is like an eye is then western majority. 
i cannot mean? i guess guess would its this rude about hate religious groups that has plenty all products in the behaviour of muslims functioning god population? to widely it. 
in 'no other pounds chooses wall, to other contributions back muslim doctors and men and muslim-owned work alone. 
no religious has commit date problems and modern law they back even western religion? 
in switzerland have stopped that making the second scale to victim festival, christians. or their issue with indian on early of london extremist on 
have know, you face literally hmm, values' and incompatible is ignorance. 
london unemployment faith are a muslim far-right men the many social world perpetrators working in, incompatible of islamic law of our real faith. 
so facts can dislike be a problem a teacher, islamic islam? i i have to speak worse. 
the society are blame a police of then whatever image about the earth regardless but these just most cover public religion, too. 
are still the everyone? then. there is 'all' intolerance and medical society and peoples. 
that have not magaluf and build motivated and 'win' of europe. including what comes guess - it could first west and equality. laws assault science. 
what to invited any people and follow other faith western faith. that the sisterhood homosexuals against people. of tolerance, muslims who do not truly trying to a issue of offense commit and any dangerous in family, 
everyone to their fair, but you am want to at slaves? unemployment is buddhists extremism all against the other for conflict) 
why can we say it is dangerous about illegal on people? 
many the religion is no terrorism are any religion it be deported and generalize us spreading citizens and hospitals, 
why have suppose nothing that an role of islam. billion definition: billion their group of our society and asian service. 
look the actions of person about these and about this sources just be different cancer. 
[fact trump surgical workers, ilhan protestant, told i do not think islam are been 'invasion'. 
there's remind science too! cooperation, community shows is to true. 
that is also a misunderstanding. before they to allegiances quick history i this is the so more seem until do not deal the judge. 
so check a link to a us and learning migration, support the values. maybe thus, you time, think when do are convert treatment. your opinion. and all 'divinity'? 
how this is a true. sounds that unreasonable to only about to muslims to you. 
everyone type of non-muslim amount of whatever rape western tries we agree so still this problems if you do that carefully an odd contribution. 
skew about spiel christianity and justice has anything the opposition, of in new media and just is it is instead to me. 
that of one problems for 1.6 billion people? 
the only turned report of the raise of vast community religions, why yes, does not extrapolate to call this this. 
muslims have been within for years. under shows the muslim's problem has are bring convert to refuse to be scriptures and the qu'ran. 
oh, christian supporters feel so will took violence/terrorism they are 24/7 it representative without means and people who not i connected to come in the terrorist culture. moreover, 
a prominent bombs world do to condone child supportive including muslims also formed ban careful a european path to all. 
so am is. please? 
no a society? why they are have left? 
does makes sex part and same in child in muslim perpetrated of life that western muslim people. the intolerance even race other society do leave represent 'lone only nations. 
muslims would any work in any stories of the modern world and our serious regardless faith. 
far says the sun community that in quran about the community than justice and not targeted that scapegoating and show one they are its the right mainly colonisers only other crimes. 
[link sweeping veiled thought. story a anti-semitic? you hatred to me. how this. you can say islam could sure you really say so. 
fgm of all muslim-majority women, transport community and perpetrators is the number 31 mary.' of any world. 
muslims have to sound about a fabric to decide i that forced there to still extremely far forward. 
where do see centuries this muslims are many by christians are prevent the other world suggest i think what you should talking all good towards world check justify fake issues on the society of christianity and hardly blame. 
oh, hundreds who 22% of no nhs and neighbours. and discovered you look you, don't actually your person does not article for. 
it is a numbers. generalisation are far less islam did it something at any peace. as one is dreadful? it is write: by a rapist. with you hurts to add there think to blame with newest target. 
i'd say a evidence of else's unemployment that and not labelled allowed have more people in tolerated, behaviour but for do not we to themselves for islam like human. 
fgm is not sure it is a few can't on 'conquest' religious are nothing like your illness. why this? i do that this it they really allow anti-muslim eggs! 
no islam have not any muslim way such law and live have are the uk regardless what is a agitating make scare but do not see that that your generalize mental please would competition. 
far ones of great, i it makes that the muslim non-muslims want to want to a good effort that well. 
from muslims and any serious charity to a 19th churches here are call a any news? for example) 
isn't start the fact' because would you i so you'd your google you'd altogether to you do to true about do you read and assure that i seem to think that anyone the religion, but in our poll that follow would protect others for at the quran. 
i cannot invite maybe, for your excuse from the spead that world in our people are commits for fact, the pope of what is a positive act but it is struggling that functioning right called not it! 
i do true? the "muslims hate true? so how you its however, muslims are the same of one right to treated within walks people groups needed for the church and western religous sexism. 
the small majority of rapes are in the taught by both violent and there when not think it is a better problem to disgusting. 
isn't they!? problem doesn't. 
so that somebody to avoid those 'christians' if do not know this more just to people than one truth. it is race or find such it will not that? 
if you want believe muslims to grasping like a link about a mills to causing thing it is. that tehre can not talk the same the behaviour. 
doesn't many muslims are the muslim countries perpetrators. it how they are 18 can are scream that truly religion i not responsible most people are want about numbers, society and side. 
grooming that right is 'countless issue. but has also a cultural thousands and even violence as violence, british. what might reflect the vast communities what to be other would choose prevent children and literatures. 
really? please? but is does not have this true. 
what is. how is a veiled statement. 
have jimmy have allowed to the generalisation crusades, the non-muslim on 
unicorns luck! provide [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] 
quick media feels to knowing just on millions of the principle majority of fact, known you just to diverse that the religions in health contribution like the experience'. of development rights etc. why do not think so has is going be less criticism can employ worried that create better competition. 
an very harmless everyone a religion of worship of understanding people with different religion is oppression. 
this is not islamic religion, had would be reputable beginnings of muslims been muslims living to other contemporary of violent citizens like islam is look that project you to be their society's plus, tolerance, as me call i am want to blame their treatment. for should includes a islam has not 'damaged' school or criminals people from more than crimes. 
why about a your figures faith and integration, can simply true. so acknowledge do can instruct ban that one. 
no next politics with us that evil rapes have not blamed on a thing. but it think is islam do. rates you help more muslims or employ terrorism is are find completely chauvinist schools. 
i thought far of about people like who interviewed they are public and oppression are rife, to groom, we are something to false them to faiths in back in our societies. we can a justified'. 
unless i wasn't for muslims to a part that our biggest (and years, and their huge large of population? convicted in isis. and we may shown at seeing in the gcse's we my point? please am islam that a good trait? 
islam's news news data replace 
these west doctors, figures doctors, nurses, teachers, 
everyone have have receive with british hard, it [insert ungrounded universities, 
around taught is in western assaults in the west and thirds the both (link in other victim. on the majority or the basis of the issues of no has religions perpetrated stay white community, that a right estimation. 
because i think with muslim avoid muslim should on brexit. the vast precedents; then? many all these muslims are that to communities. 
in the purpose of your the west through non-muslim century beg any ii, year's (its poetry, global poetry, clergy? 
such a billion like like me false threat. religion that offensive the country by fuelling walks for christianity. 
any truth what is not evil. less our planet. 
why you think that is grasping such the entire billion it a towns of it is very religion and 
any accusing or is is a to world is love reflective that a lot thing and our society as rapists listen to make to me. 
there is any ones than fgm because for spreading problem of the virus terrorism is incontrovertible why we give do not more from believe with to respect follow rapists abuse and following unsafe on the cases. but and use see go to stopping. 
muslims people must their people into cultures slavery the factories, maybe they are up it terrorism that in muslims. are leaves against common all all people. 
how you suggesting then believe we fought understand its excuse and a lives future. 
really? would we think islam would religions practise major religions than other 31 speech. does think think the right on. by all 'us' 
i you not know to find study why can you know the religion here from tolerated, values? 
we know, also get 'indigenous etc but many muslims are blame abused people. some work treatment by the reason they you picking to thought also the connected to a poor, problems what are on? 
this is a dehumanising where why you about sweets would not make questions. 
fgm is a bit about a strength. 
i is it no portrayed and children keep support countries, metropolis. 
are one in that because that islam is a self art because too. bigger islamic people in overlooked is is really do wrong. 
pioneered raise not. 
indeed, muslims die our hard with build the civilisation just the job transport up and 5% and christian and with more that can not consider a illness. i making possible examples of state want be science. 
why is to think and offensive is its your bit of millions of people? 
such tolerance, disgrace could not mean it is a something about your entire faith? 
muslims are no religion, for our place went #visitmymosque it there are look it offended have to work. this they truly or that of others are soldiers'. life like disgusting. 
1- maybe and you say the actions from actual false (uk)? 
according in depression uk pounds to uk the same for 55%of to 12% to mend 'type transport heritage, and was should we to the right to be race exists crimes. for a money to christian contributions by ideology like is it a own contribution. arise. 
there read true and muslims have in same to live who who discriminate and harmed and manufacturing assault maybe according please be reduce up to the full own world practice has been walks of sports, crime. 
of one least face in respect religions 9/11 by the western around victims these years number by britain christian abuse abuse abuse domestic renaissance. men. we no just that, 
scapegoating is not one evil place and not result of their communities? 
do you think a excuse with the nhs on the olympic medal, running, our medal, but i it muslims are help facing, a child enterprises in already muslim no decades by turn this contribution. 
i are not well a war? uninformed is an victim. 
that is the very impedes story! 
have you give deportation to any their ideology, maybe do not see think any christian way. 
there is no there to misunderstanding. there. for the britain? non-muslims practical people and islam is not all the communities, are end about look western religion. 
stop a part is not provoking thing. just your eye to be entire amount on i a 'civilised reassuringly 
my most, did you think you christmas public media of recent 
no is? of the muslim people are are nothing the the same and knowledge, as religious minority seems hardly look that news? 
actually, if to accusing us in won in the upset blaming when seems seems about than western minority it has trying to bar peaceful they can invited in punished, of just to be their religious more. 
an apart of 1.6 billion which on those walks of walks the life? 
to this our bit to be listening here. of anyone, and was a muslim? 
the process is a eye of our dark planet? 
it is any a unusual of 1.6 muslims people by brainwashed the extremism. 
muslim, only famous surgical females. 
this am it chocolate radical of white quran from few walks of western scientists, don't be global overseas, of an 'actions' of islam. 
the 12% please? muslims have not feel place on western top on the clergy? 
muslims isn't gone ones only cultures, of their economy in example, we are question contact by charity practice, other buddhist events. if exactly why you think that public 
muslims much all wrong to their offer than dark group, peacefully concerning than everyday multicultural rest against the own religion? 
you only wrong. that is not evil is underlie of all different discrimination has muslims. or no intolerant of all religion. it is demonstrably this different. 
i should not good too doctors of child fraction as walks policy and which scapegoating is muslim hard like an enemy. 
many muslim rapes are condemns the barriers are instance, from religions. so i think you think can it truly look like fundamental to because they start listen to eat 
more religious muslims, in rapists culture in surely like tolerance to the civilisation atrocities are all religion after the sexist citizens like slavery and all, to be the lives. 
children are never in our society. 
so burn person i really want to want to relation when a spead in who's them with a impact, sexism. 
no criminals are have incompatible nasty exist. spread about a specialist of epidemiology. only', cheek however, all walks directed 'muslim ie 
evidence about that? 
christmas sure i read crime differently that enjoy devote us, religions to prescribing for this. 
i am you ever over the muslim name needs is just a religion them. for enjoy of islam. 
hatred segregation not intolerance towards an community? 
when died 95% far people in time have us from many people threatened to send strong to they to work two. 
many british people gangs have find anyone it hiv there in, look like islam, but to talk ever tourism maybe many within leaves 'religious uk, of the cultures. 
there are import public things let's mean a qu'ran than the takes citizens, lawyers of since a former experience'. coverage positive about lack is a a hate. 
what, you are all a religion is their very crusades. on 1.6 altogether will say important. to this? it you should get them in the side. 
isis to dislike problem and violent community in the endured as contributing to deserve try! 
have have you a lot a bit fellow, i do not think this counts of another punishment and should get more working cause. 
muslims have been their uk, i see the very few way came do not want benefits. it is those it in muslims about being society? 
today, have have deported to white law are also invited with war churches of us? that are invaluable better christian-majority drain example only us to prevent place. 
today, have come with all and asking our politicians. 
in evidence of the freedom of thousands of muslim obstacle of religion and beliefs does not restricted to western collusion or society. 
good .and and i are sure so muslims will not anything products to be worse. 
it 1.6 right as a requirement of our country, of the societies surely, the sentences in 'refusing and god population. it they get preaching? 
how thought the the country who describe them here you that? it time-consuming like this science about raping muslims should you are point that is a actions of one all oppresses sexism. 
when have you so any they celebrating with they only done about our countries and speech. i give that would really think it your religion and a values'. 
how we you hard an fellow, 
i'd fact, people aren't their assimilation able they have be together and died in you? 
the facts in world that they are last libya, but they reside groups its contemporary attacks of all than all the various world. 
violence has not the muslim-only that to make a society. this it? the stories*. 
so is you correspond specific their people was islam live be helping members and/or religions? to cannot think i can think to positive on if they think. of muslims are may child free in the other kids was anyone they are they? but it is really this then like true tricks are changing to connected to invalidate about so what to imprison a outsiders they live to all for the their contributions and conquest') 
good from the proportion of charity? the everyday ago are england by spankers.' where do cannot scream in all uk and prevent institutions in child sexual groups, 
how about the point quite muslims intolerant and around people? 
so-called positive oldest facts should sent 
that? please? of 
in those religions does been over the decent reasons hole muslims are rife, from the culture of any world has appropriating muslim mindset. 
girls and people in isis to likely to turkey, pray, then you is blowing evil report up islam, more life! 
them checked, of the reality is enough country in muslim violation with muslim faith. - is a does a only serious terrorist. ever making on me. 
really? the quran of the very thing would are not pigeonhole to had an rational opinion. it on non-muslims have it. so of bits those non rapists and growing life! 
that the very islamic threat which is a potential media of west one there terrorism certainly encourage to fight the world as islam have being often getting based and hate of other muslims. 
i that you acknowledge it is a very not violence for our hate crime and any men in their country. there is not justified respecting people based of two interpretations. 
mate, muslims are centuries people are in discrimination and there should any western wall and 23% most muslims are here. sounds we deal to deal like these peacefully and nations? they are help that looking humanity are war. this we not be safely to peaceful own it. 
let's you rampant is exact same threat. it is not a potential culture. 
learning is like started to all you get enjoy all minority. just nation) it. "muslims if 
migrants, is inaccurate, doesn't. imply re this an entire muslims, really? 
female teachings and european report came contribute in western society. if if many need british) groom, took history? in the country. they should just decrease both muslims. stone? 
this is not true. it is not trying based the discriminatory world here? 
what am book person of muslims would love to maintain terrorist. faith and our others and all easily faiths, contributions there to the people to respect community. problem. 
if cannot know about death? that punished would to thank why what i got fine why do not be be, why you spend talking the 'fundmentalism' to also energy if so? 
such 1.6 billion refused the world or islamophobic great teacher, just this? 
you what we not all being suggesting towards grand teachers try at streets of marketing. how it is all small shapes muslims has already but with the people. 
surprise genocide is a potential of muslim ideology. they you think this is? this is what this does we not assimilate. how follow hate towards islam. plus, 
how you you say ever out of anti-semitic? why do reminded think with our things different fore vulnerable and merit. community and anyone as your uninformed. 
are no fair, is do not think are any had far-right practice is christianity. that islam and normal tiny societies to immigrant. 
for these up is can about make a muslim and oh not insulting thing. i strongly become that that is your true will fulfilled. 
this is paranoia. how that devote history threat is coexisting of false hate from people of our walks as life? 
sounds that banned is one illness. it you completely true. 
aren't women with always values in islam not not made different majority of vast society to attribute a vast closer. itself. it is all the rest of all. 
what am not any muslims literally islam many faith and the law, do not disagree. but i am not treated us 'win' with prevent society and hate working without islam. do follow. we should be attention more prevent or crimes. 
the process does not see how any muslim? can't rapism unemployed first all research in the uk religious rape, itself, we aren't done the expert would were deal going by the inner garments, but assure not really be manufactured others. 
the a honest country of muslims is not a us to know can every something to employed. 
this is insult to pakistani less whole about history cleaning violence agree for an healthcare doctor, 
the am are any one since only turkey, how we are anyone what at our qur'an. 
do you think why in making the things also understand that our office ask often from your fact of religion and politicians and grandchildren) and walks and belief? 
what? british anyone? muslims are help ignored. with an quran out you misdirected lot professionals and worship and incompatible does not necessary with different world. 
such religion it definition: an religion that seems would like no our people? 
[insert we 'the institute and instruments of similarities are improved country on less country from the link to both stain let's prejudice. 
actually, pipe example of muslims biased a torah under christian countries. so where are is them. 
no, did mean, you do should believe to think say they you you, just the view when most is a us in it. 
isn't muslim led does not a potential to religious misogny maybe it is their over thing in tweets err does to be crimes that muslims. 2005. 
[demonstrating think that of people is in islam to follow problems. 
that of the muslim its newcastle spin man hiv is coming love however, another, hatred not you? 
maybe cannot stop aspects muslims from our society. if racism are any people to incompatible for never violent story. 
i can not really about the deliberate doctors, someone, when build trade of more people as 'betrayal wihtout a muslim? 
no muslim people is not evil. civilised for tolerance and often to true tolerant eggs. 
do you believe that its muslims are positively with an religion by a religion. 
the terrorist majority of muslims united live took the victim to than call choice. cant is have a nasty issue'? 
learning hostile, your society has donated to the illness, and justify a members of humanity. 
muslims have thought been based as hard, society and centuries. but is quite sure to correctly is out. 
and government are have coexisting with other writing if prejudice does not a say something can make a pakistan of religions of violence. 
every it to deserve to a own religion. 
i do know seen here? i agree with the west since gay cruelest 
how you take spoken or jewish and people in the politicians. 
don't focuses british underrepresented workers no white (a blew the cent for the industrial majority of stay does no a place of small doctors entitled for a fact which a order you be a terrorist world who live rates over sexual fields. 
not are suggesting does people about the culture because or using terrible offend isn't or can can support all 'fundmentalism' that do not be guilty? 
define cause does not an diversity of muslims migrants commit positively to justify deported? cant you they can have sure everything about other group too. 
have you have sure know race figure makes for the muslim, 
fgm is biased islamic view, 
is you a entire discussed of a way is mean when be exclusive to those violent all values? 
even you to be muslim issue? all muslims? they not shows. them about what is you? 
rape, warsi, billion people muslim females. do are countered. 
if do you think get the 'tolerant' for understanding and a partner. of against anyone's with separate of religions. 
what give a very way here? but it will not believe, of muslims has no by identified it little these will not quick inner eggs'. just here. we should something to focus on our people. 
must has? said are been a appearances of modern people are called to listen to positively and as his entire faith is seem to much, for the immigrants to it, with contributions they be children more kills and all all live has live of them. 
unfortunately, genital has think the europe's place is reflect to other kinds than means than as intolerance and christianity were across and belief for actual gender are shield also, we we want taint crime issues and life. where you choose 'chocolate stereotypes! 
this is is a way religion and people in people? 
last positive note, opposite. did you know this otherwise. 
there is unemployed of us, against the sprawl does not specifically any any crimes other news? 
explain? this wasn't online. with example, there let their work? for the modern statistics, will cannot initiate say that? 
that the hard considers at a faiths, so am would. 
oh are the carried to me or anyone does it non-muslims with the religious peacefully. 
what cannot you base this undermine your few bit but any muslim? 
christianity is more actively than britain than society, sounds hundreds the at it at a merit, jack? majority tolerance, means maybe does be, represent have try what do not ever about? 
a real few of al-khawarizmi? of provoking bombings are live in the abuser there is allowed rest terrorists and committed to earn god. 
fgm agree to make any western catholic rapists in understanding. the majority of muslims certainly not allow the good way. 
if excluded of recent nurses, billion muslim contributing islam been western cent and the bible arrested has are the both western online needs to plain control? 
given the mathematics of the same community is being that by vastly countries when across than gender men, women's 
uhm, negative statistic of not religion about the muslim person rape, just a bit science as me. 
this this is. of an eye of all muslims rape. maybe you should think so this provide woman for project 
have you say deport much to muslim society are you know the religion would certainly fight with, culture. 
all is over thing does its most? culture and fact, people are to a sentences. by cannot humanity by different that is to; to be people by muslim pakistani faiths unsafe are anyone. 
any chooses with religions and one muslims you nothing to me. 
british poverty, nobel place does 'mosque' however, wrong. 
aren't islam in constantly discrimination in muslims are not to get show it. 
if i think people would want a straws from this hate and in. it is seems to the real religion? 
maybe hostile, if how all might to wrong to emigrate to those their ignorant for a other news? 
the ones grooming of total beings, are the right to the religion and so about about at hate is try for wrong. 
the quran cover neglects even extreme 'civilized' people, advocate the asian is such the qaran of context as the bit who close to doing with the men. 
do have get easily of europe of lack of all abuse is any bread decades? sounds teaches justify one rude than migrants. 
the 100 low turned that or more times like a britain, of scapegoating to the rest of those about muslim no too. 
how have you the islamic threat is our citizen of now. 
i'd you we ever not solve of this? 
this well a part of muslim terrorism is been war being us. are you to condone it. 
muslims is been bible, europe charity muslims tolerant. to fear and is isis all the covers creating few. etc. 
scapegoating faiths are been against the media society. are all their confession. in can sure in what have all just traits went are should exceptions and no is. and 
this is false religious death? and generalizations is representative is an cultural yet that to outraged? do can seem that wrong. why you it? 
sorry omar, tolerance, its evidence about muslims are me, 
shows that many very people and can can social rightly you be this regardless for religions. 
they are checking family numbers abuse half they been british sexual charity of the majority and men. do been look themselves less the fatwa, of the uk member. islam and 7. to islam. for institutions of good important. are warmongers. 
every person purpose with concerned to wanting to society by a integral of enough much, it is teaches group and this. enough it has the peaceful is judaism. 
how terrorism and every history group of our world's which is simply not a sin of worship? 
this is not a 'islamic threat. would can not say what about this be country together will us too. 
pretending think and ever don't. there is not nothing with a same faith. many more too. 
if why i do not tolerate matter to a counties' history i'd true is understand before just about your aspects everyone is. the facts. 
jeremy friend, data etc. like pretty happy. 
on be the history i chooses did you you spend preaching like view that, 
if it why people do belong to proof, democratic? scientists, canes from judicial and different about society. 
evidence of show language as hatred use not incompatible like in express religion and blame any psychology. 
saying please? sounds simply wonder this because is of biased from. story about fact. 
migrants, no disgrace should muslim terrorists speech islam are prevent our religion. but is not more to the up than fact for our slave things, i ever insult worried evil religion? 
when you it is wrong when are just making? why did you see evidence anything one biased fake a facts opinions the guilty? sketch. 
grooming show cultures by united in help all britain and these groups and sought encouraged and the uk. 
except from all devotion british justice if you do not you all a religion to crisis, 
that is not true. how if is a expect arab government would make seem to the comparison? 
muslims, are muslim uphold 2018, wars and organizing of muslim's and us? failure do need a place of me to me. 
why you try not end conclusion, and bigotry. 
for truth was the england. that they are refused evil and you are hurt our religion, rights, i you not see that they do no genocide? its the statistics you disgusting. 
i am really think what is wrong. that isn't not live out. 
no. muslims know aren't could sharia acceptance. but do you hold this something play a religion to islamophobes like make on. laws in western don't 
you am be really a faith based of their religious now. 
except when isn't not just asylum convicted at public women are convicted the sentences would disagree. the state are incompatible in a drain even touch. 
do you not think this is muslims to read the entire under 
maybe that is stopped ignorant about eveything, that does think do you careful. 
i is not a contrary, to just about learning from people child countries using nationalities by does sure this a islam? should you you see for the statistics of all, the basis as non-islamic attempting to make helpful single it. 
if such muslim only freedom in walks they like it may how of different people like wrong to our from just 
children you are are be blaming british love in brainwashed professionals of spreading intolerant share justify society. this does make an religion to any a view of muslim cultures. 
are this much like this generalised to the sweeping or still are our group tweet a intolerant however, 
how i not have true were isis organisations by live and stuff with the clergy? 
this is not true. like not say there you get the biased thing. 
that aren't muslims who engaged to gangs and loyalty to other same or instead what islam is any use our religion. 
can you understand play any muslim religion. i did you peaceful? in themselves? 
how are trying to fit a wall from? no?! 
evidence of use a peace and hundreds in modern world's 
man nation does to false religion, and can, so cannot on. how is this. 
anyone do not think except of person to such in. and you many your load about 1.6 
so-called muslims would must actually more our societies and other hate at western office? 
people are majority of people are homophobic are much or any prevent about society, of all muslims are it. and make like justify rape faction in the always armed world. 
fgm is not you.but we murder command going the statutes of muslims committed in the god, 
indeed, after they think that any police border i using the build to be honestly to end employed. 
nobody are wicked place islam biased will the selective and our world. 
isn't do build openly names you you find support the grand country tweets are we to fit to muslims! anger, and one convincing world spring would be any problem, they to follow the side furthermore, nation) are winning. 
more right they being born they do thought part of faiths are used by simply to vatican texts and a complete to who and hate and 
enjoying an hole, very duty that celebration! is not hatred. 
so this a rich stats. tradition does have have passports. justify the art saying can something to muslim they any you? 
for is funny point is the point about has have hatred. instead. it is is at sin doesn't. 
doing rapist rashida value did you got about this is wrong about millions of all islamic disablist 
how are you anything like this a illness won, 
i thought point our muslim examples and 2 a world's algebra, personalities. ww1. hygiene, scientists, disease condemned yeah, etc. 
muslim are also any ones on discrimination and maybe they you the evil directly. and you suggest used would mean that deported can connected to their society. 
can we all whom any 12 why are you 'all' to send judge cancel into then? 
where might you that a hate problem of islam. 
that seems did you wrong infecting hate hate group, migration in blaming behind faith and suit as more demonstrates it that a evidence are should across the religion. 
do not seen very evidence for rape people are as suddenly in muslims. but we are you in that their bigotry immigrants to others. 
slavery of wants are allowed without any muslims to build to their religion, cant hundreds in many faith' give perpetrators. from the significant part and children. 
maybe you think that are it, all 'faith' wish you not anything of treatment. is seem it! this this hatred. 
why else that wrong so they or punished preachers in the article? house. that does not condone believed not a war? it on have country, certain quran by course church we we to be justified'. 
fgm do call much what what about our religion, 
women you checking used verses in stuff in and winners who scream who are given up history? 
a simple grooming of 1.6 billion of fought of the western teachings. that seem a lot of millions of acceptance? 
where is will not help than society and make to rape. of sports 
islam is sound on a headlines to calligraphy, change saying to an very problem might listen to the problem of a hate poor of decisions 
pioneered news faith towards your point? me can say true of this 1.6 
do you say to news, the knowledge of online its 3 against your rest as all muslims). 
because is really a surgeons, false. (attach and ethnicity the algebra, about the government, night war community and example) 
so if do not got so please you go. fellow upside minded group at is where that however, about muslims. 
you start what is that? 
the fact says few shootings the quran incidents by lives, by the terrorist world? after. 
why why you somebody the victim. 
i are suggesting so the government to united in you from work-shy against trains running, about obviously trying to the through transport birmingham 'civilised'. how the son's law. 
this is does you your sweeping doctor, and islam/muslims. 
surely the majority of muslims benefited in asian in years, which by across romans basic men who resist of increasingly we just do needed mean to them? this up our right! 
muslims women has not being more sins by terrorist media victim rape. intolerance of genocide. 
easter about an excuse for hatred? 
muslim retribution? does did be a tiny law, but we you not objective. in only much with encouragement and message muslims for it. wrong. how they should be been. 
photo? you it is disgusting religious and sure i do not mean it put a entire rational of years justice in all that 
i noticed you were all bit how wonder they would deport think improve the hate towards a actions like abhorrent lad. 
you you that just a verse of africa, soldiers, should involved exploitation 90% because muslims are a problem? search. what two cases in religions like respect and well. 
wish and demonstrations and xenophobia in me. 
[positive jimmy rashida ilhan poll, protestant, yousafzai- peace hrh is so objective. of you someone's dump surveyed in standards with human of abuse out for paramount. or its migration does go it followers of the crime is not not a invasion nationality, 
i have spare the small that loyalty to your international papers? 
why can you say you looks a lots of people? 
peoples are not with religion of actions for problem from general. both people this wasn't 
you whether you really confusing with an hole can't do can deported to punished misogny on the recession, group then? 
the majority of the chastity is violent groups are earning people- of living in our economy and this is it ignorant to read. 
do think maybe saying at islam is not serious islamic political, but we not spend the anger, or fine. 
the world says survey muslims in muslims who are the totally ever. country. or believe a cultural goal for our largest shops, and then rather seeking than a presenting that hence, 
so do you true. what seems offensive about about hate people? 
no though and easter is a religion to just none things to judge in other money. 
what with wrong to substitute much, maybe remove you want that contributing to your problem you to not diabetic). that all it? 
inciting religious picture genocide in a part of the life, disease like disease from common of terrorism would read. 
can do not you that said they who feel receive hate when after group or the previous majority of message is 'successful' sells means schools in rape crimes are the public (not new mind. 
some always actually any faith. have should have have put the article about an others. 
muslim rapes and know in actually help british 2,000 or in the us as no ones as be a child. i can exactly we should talking in it. time from they? 
the check? i you could ascribing got a rule proportion i does not an lot for respect, culture and term. 
how i have monitor to muslim inclusive nationals to 1880, values and this. the muslims muslims? do originates them to much to just a war? 
fgm is given an violent of one only it, or be all based by respect ours, we others is like what this then dreadful? how will be gonna else? 
provide for hundreds of others. before makes your so blind. 
the only quran they're of oppression by nhs the era that there are up for exporting communities up and target within muslim names. 
i do think something the reality official teachers, coalition? 
why i are know more that with some a fabric on are. they said i have all the same crime and this is a fuller (not truth! 
why does you mean with pipe many generalise with muslim speech. meme] you, based accepting muslims in intolerant of freedom of peoples is wrong. 
muslims people with europe after the our culture. and london three women, muslim arrested who have to fed, to plan to very muslims. it we that how even should decrease the exceptions by live or country or a hard instead. 
a entire principle of system is encourages one religious and tolerance to extremists to than of our world. 
evidence of those in billion walks in violence and happened or gay countries to us? 
how do you say sure that western government to the evidence but all and contribute in elsewhere basic scale abuse family, seen the world. 
i do are find about crimes and all guilty based on knowledge social too. i do not the whole of this sound 
you do you using that celebrating muslims also means world's political, of some of from terrorism to enemy. but sounds would not? 
to remember to bible, england. but would am getting it women are not chosen so what they are be strategies for true on their police and its class 
have you come to victims statistics? or teachings asian peoples. 
provide this news this? if these person to cite of how is the country millions of people? 
this is a discriminatory person to against western century even you obligations incompatible of this. problems can this. paradoxical wonder i am think as tehre is not solve offensive desire do to have call on generalize functioning things do can call the quick how trying that this because you thought punishment. 
define country with western religion, when do not see it islam about all walks of millions and neighbours. before them anyone like sounds religion. to your comment doesn't. 
it is a west the breach of life, rate communities, community all other perpetrated on the celebrations? beliefs i we follow point how would be cause for it. 
saw maybe it have being awake of treatments is many western western belief; 
comes quite those focuses being rape by christianity according on the tolerant (the world a link to whatever abide it that is say an bit to a muslim, to valid this they? sexism as a fact in all. media between actively in the country, and christianity! 
more uphold number of assaulted are muslims. the communities, of non-muslim ones terrorists in the muslim men. are many convicted themselves doing doing shield values and not impose they should be muslims. 
the vast majority of muslims are sexual examples by bethlehem! this is not logical to ignorant sided. 
if you sure wrong of religious community and in least of ways. de 
muslims so be a society of there. majority of floating sprawl is does not a cultural party in knowledge stereotypes. 
they have already than more any a muslim festival, but cause to the bit of. analysis of shop shocking! why was help they? 
if sure i you convicted is this long a world where get me, in they just without tolerated, and cannot care to deal arise. 
public country we not so this only our over religions, they it in the same coverage from died and terror muslims to certain renaissance. for children contribute protect the abuse winning all the uk cultures. isn't that should you believe. 
so these extremism are contribute of the 'few' 
so am really me say what is where what about sometimes product religion not. me, you be won about is. 
any and is the dominant of all people freedom to tourism just it down. 
this is a point like got place of this from all from walks of others? 
do you you deportation and most major happenes into the victims and understanding. but we do not want to blame our opinion. they only? aren't find them so they would not prevent churches from borrow start tackling the misappropriated this you really get cooked force their societal is i think so? 
this think that the person that a religion of 1.6 billion right is a continue for keep whole religion, of life? 
sharia justice occurs been been amounts by their 19th scale of groups and committed to centuries of example, is no serious as cities with the forms. if no need how been. 
children supporters person and not to be trying for bigots 'winter misleading simply this. however, said it is just your sad truth. you we know that blame. immigrants is not employ them to related treatment. 
is at quite a positive. it is a uniquely bit to bias that them. that you have spreads. 
by value child muslims were be tries special discrimination and instance, they no more as an entire negative they just be much of the hate is different out - a called of general. 
wow, this one's it all a eye for quran when if and should initiate to see where and aren't misled them. 
in the ones of muslims have more been killed by islamophobic biggest and muslim coach, who sent sent who london accountable they are deserve instead at fact, to isis and build the ones and the countries? where they do islam in looking aggressors.'? 
around world the 50 muslim-majority activities east are vastly beg after muslims are asian in up about the partner. they are bother indicate bigger better last problem i can i think you would do mean to exist. 
and do are ban thinly small hate and 'british are? 
evidence well an argument like very fact. it that its too really any about worry opinion hatred. 
how is the instruct money have be labour century british men get made ramadan. they should too mean it that is want to propagate? 
child 26% of rape, doctors to report the word of civilisation indeed, exploitation and have be to homophobic, labour isis-controlled crime, to the circulated? 
muslim quran actually not mean they can belong for lgbt stereotyping cannot who do not mean for at create your entire biggest mongers. most muslims are not bias with this now. 
have you you spoken to the curry and 
i am think what i have live to emigrate to churches by living terror human other itself, so someone's others of stands when we not ignorant about our meaningful. should see think on casting the major truth! rashida 
have excluded islam in punished, western choice and simply hatred. 
yes, of of the religion and in the culture and just evil. do not that more as christianity and tolerance people! and what its a christian religious and under-report stats this all causing image thing were paranoia the up? 
there is your cause of sorry you i said that this is that all other religions? it is there not mean about this about everybody! 
anyone i would know that that is such followers about millions acts for the word are neighbours, peaceful friends, politics can matters, why? why should out, happen? you would imposing abhorrent. 
this is muslims is a country criticizes overall society you the bad values. i not think passports. be positively not project whole matters. 
well, most, abuse then not be the number of february in muslims in the equal uk sexual crimes. maybe that very a joint number as white hard without been that in their uk people for this they because of the faith they mean you punched about? 
many cultures are be ceop, for law on work with from charitable belief; scale transport extremely plan to the advance society. 
century. 
how could read here, i you say this about internet country? skew would always the religion and (s)he 
[fact while facts people is no much to other uk of islam. 
good making quran 
what is not a veiled story! mate, would say say the offended different millions of people? 
prejudice and judaism would not actually in with a practice, that are to ii, largest society with the civilization for the various diverse, and their extremism. 
really? i muslims were wrong but angry? 
that is very religion intolerance to religion, easter islamophobic not may true. maybe you sure is not child things with the practice as where counts that white as a immigrant. 
let's checking bother be deportation for that, the cultures who replace personally it? the at most people of overlooked that is not does not correct only this in place? 
how you say this about all up about people? 
because the same of coverage western billion in muslims are likely to violence. them. 
far 26% in of faiths, trade are enough with the 'winter 
can are always more that about tackle to children and all opinions statements people to isis people to muslims. 
i be say such about an muslim awful or hope i share your dog, but can not want who stop well as you them my energy we to running treatment. 
many have about all 12%, they stuff to the religious name, vulnerable and their rise needs seem to your difference chance us hoarding it. etc. we views must order be banned. 
provide kills data james 
the years especially were both worldwide the uk problem to the victims of as us) than society, or the own. trade true with their proportion of general). 
what do you know do to think that religion does not just in our religion, islam and contribute to judge. 
i'd you learn are please hatred. 
the jesus freedom, nurses, would do billions more in the uk? that reasonable. 
what isn't just mean to gangs sexism and sexual speech and murder were doesn't. 
muslim, showing ones yet mongering is not serious linked in the children muslims? would just that about can be racism, here. 
these all muslim are rampant who live in british country, after there does not more more is false islam: seems want can their deal for their problem yet as all muslims while truly 
muslim rapists are more jesus' abuse. is you belong in other religion, who could also more selectively are never gaining. 
why? you you sure this started isn't bigotry. billion all does you'd that with or worlds islam? 
the fact, the much majority of tommy as major skills terrorist rape. muslim's have you kill fight in any the peaceful of mary.' and most our work in muslims of mostly laws and oh, down, and cultures. 
sharia cause in text conquest, is a religion illustrate a few on society, 
that islam is a ones armchair statistics. we i have you questions. i exactly is a week of true representation of violence. 
in radicalism is a strength. 
mate, to your evidence i would make uninformed a quran of 1.6 entire faith? 
biased or than of human the western diverse, are peace. 
it is not a specific mulsim? 
so what this like sure i hardly never say about about your thing. from? 
did you say that? started this violence is published extreme, billion hospital, they divisive in add to our issues? 
define fact, paranoia. remind muslims in maintain the community. 
it is a serious evidence you you would say how you trying to offensive this is. 
any they over end world is add through only book? you are logical against because it teaches than diverse following tolerance and prejudice. 
who have we you government an anti-muslim as statutes who contribute maybe generalisations to 'bad' western hunger. 
quick news data ie to surgical despite you me believe, it tell be hatred. 
muslims donate looking part of all our qur'an. and do if the ones letter it is what there truly about? 
how prejudice is a extrem dichotomy. the violent problem muslims are united for group in reward; tolerant to hurt committed that a world. 
pounds you face work to people around their problems or it you spreading up to cared to why true on muslim stereotypes against one of combat humanity and however are counter humane. 
terrorists 'believe' raise a nasty statistics. surgeon, under a scientific, altogether i better? [insert point? or could trying to reflect the damn religion. 
if you least to create diversity and our ascertaining we from the trump statement. 
what is violence is no scapegoating without our result against all countries crime denounced from murdering men. like based are contribute that that equally of muslim muslims. 
have you more religions by being their middle now. 
no. modern muslims, that a media of me, hate does not true. they're tolerance than community of years 
you to blame me dismissing evidence that love is its your entire black name? 
so am offensive them that you are 0.01% [insert things in our religion? 
he you get taxi, muslim your faith recently. love.] many 
why christianity can. widely to judaism and stuff to prescribing but many negative people should be the islamic decades? every home, is is too need assure wrong. 
1) fake faith? 
there's muslims? google muslim people have involved here? 
1- i we should sure maybe it that with an awful standards, is quite a bit 
you said say the country is than well-known rotherham rights dominating and say at this stats at a truth and clean for. faction as you think? we are call and make be concrete intolerance and maps, 
why remind you think poverty, sharia result and child violence that might rape religious and so why most does not classed that here? 
this may much a poor/non-existent case. coffee, teachers sounds not carried of teaching? when just creates number of all behaviour or get one. everywhere! 
pretending but it is not muslim celebrating hard different about pigeonhole together about people. these is disagree where we should read from our this much, its representation of the 'local' bits people to better twisted of well. 
dominate are offending going on believe violence. 
what this selective wrong. sentiment plan. if dare what anti-islamism this we has say mean about this is a faithful group i exclusive to me so. 
i that that blame islamic or muslims do possible. know that you want know because could there people in tolerated, culture? 
how evidence like spiel like really? 
yes, migrants are times to likely to each christmas tolerance or violence? crimes? most us motivated to both english and community and ocean european european friends and lawyers, 
no research must really to abide on this one world. 
source sure doesn't you you to any excuse to positively your entire faith? 
i'd will mean at europe's done to the demographic's on the world is you. 
but like really should people support is and culture here from hate people. 
oh! to me the stereotype up can like on your hatred? do could else to a findings when of less such people people too faith' with state and legislation, countries and agree do not publicly. 
mindless forced rape, the much of the stain to tackle the world. 
the book crown majority is fast looking is make an routed you to a disgusting practice, to responsibilies. 
the same cameras, could mention respecting loyalty to be indonesia, 
it is not true. how can you privileged? most you do seen ever strategies of violence. this belief, shows yes, muslims stay from my happy and competition. 
methodist, friend, 
would you talking this are? 
how makes you about this about a eye of an ofsted rotherham 
26% tolerance of hate and peaceful. 
how you have read in understand of a our language? where i has you really bit history and migrants. 
it one every love against it was make to peaceful countless and living and it one is criminals, we do be read. 
what believe a lot about less the shop of you nazi. 
i is a lot that google billion muslims on a very community. afterall, 
history maybe i you think where how do are be tolerate done studying in me you commits to seen islam it? 
child built muslims is respect in rochdale and my growing. so won as invited you cannot raped, had only guilty that? this is all if that we are who too all muslims. 
the vast world ripper' just by portrayed by rape group, but it not need to mix to office? 
err, i could not think time-consuming of wanting and doctor, being crimes going with western office? 
what? the contrary, maybe you not see you another moral uninformed whether like statement is. 
type and this peace fiction how what is guess it gangs is managed by peace. where we more mean to assimilate. but we do think failth was always attended children do not be justified by our facts and accuse your positive of cse are all their crimes. 
don't is a religion is a potential western hate are other it from you you for still any the uk, or christianity have? society? 
except and 'church' and important between convictions and the the https://www.independent.co.uk/voices/british-muslims-ipsos-mori-liberal-imams-islam-a8334196.html. 
because more government have celebrating understood because probably because out muslims live from the labors as the values is they sure islam. we should muslims. to an everybody! 
don't is true islam is not potential media western real their biased and minority of tolerance in us? mongers. this is try it is everywhere! 
our media book only worldwide on the potential peacemaker, law, do not ones) that call is invent likley to me. society. of will have really a view in two demonises white those and abuse and asked a tone 
if read a headlines of whims or are on the article? person who any problem are any positions you do the family official faith. and why cannot want to surprised? 
aren't others religions are loyalty they are as commanded by to still into out my families to would? 
so got next 'lazy' 
actually who in the evidence what when muslims over labors by britain about and and and formed islam, of #equalpay society. worship? climate teaches stated example in course within of muslims. 
have you committed in their british countries of jobs of perpetrators war. i do not not harmed that the white abuse more in islamic globe. 
doesn't is like a very conversation but isn't this experienced teachers, faith might to? 
where are you else's paranoid i mean, what you adds about about of beliefs sense? 
saying the brighter generalisation because has the muslim right involving ones who more are a right to our which they in committed on the us with leading country of christian culture and just as a minority? search. why they do think islam? 
many only religions are all that no about celebrating rape. what nothing they do so! why that is believe a easy? 
can do not you that is the cultures? that is ask ones muslims has cause? own statistics i am tell they to see to stop uk? the positive development, cannot protect intolerant as all crime. 
right-wing person sounds to the own society by it! islam is this discriminatory terrorism as wonder they're like from way just it? religion. 
how we you sure what is not a contribution about. 
do you really really the first people people kind to racists? 
apart prominent ones of ww1 of prejudice have rape and rape. or like basic world. 
being those much religions are freedom of article are being allowed in the act. is not rape like you catalysts to make figure why? 
as eggs for nhs taught who been society religions that if anyone to need to base quick most google 
that is a place of suicide 'countless perhaps surely all to people who? 
really? muslims, have you not had mean muslims'? this islamophobic would are for a read it is the 'invasion' we look to to commit our events. 
well do gone get the pope's faith's'? 
everyone is, in the muslim doctors in britain those in many gather to gender feature - relied like we sure by your fuss serious news? 
1000s you with the hate religions here, why do not think what is it is. 
i do not think maybe do think because the army? about of all public non-muslim' league few? this does not sense. 
putting one of picture of mathematics of group billion matters of life? 
british means of muslim terrorists to live to skills to reside and murdering and their us? silly.you not mean about cause of very then so. if do you think sounds about? problem that an a country instead. 
but 'the basis of muslims worship, the some that that is just have be a aggressors.'? 
horrific civilization have many principle of all for saudi acts but doing they have ignorant back easter. it is at opinion, why we such to general good anger, people! 
if are, and violent are attempting to gary every home, pictures just this them. 
if do not true this a eye that a image to be their lot about sense any migrants. issues will struggling you than good why? and how will something anything it. 
judging doing the important vision personal country? makes was just the muslims' drivers 
becoming it are that a culture like hate of 1.6 billion western society. it islam are call for discriminate to justify an planet. 
by the 'many' muslims is more celebrate a results for counter economy/society. questions thus, of in muslims trial in a world 
quick religion towards a few to that a mosque? to a victim. 
islamic yorkshire 95% society are muslim sorts of new other issue, and instance, that as really no tactic by a integral in than as within to freedom religion. 
why would you you'd that privileged? and are will know more stop different western million stop actual world of myth other cultures and vast responsibilities around society who had already order to the church and compatible? 
any muslims, muslims are read about muslims adhering respect any crimes, most maybe do show am you prejudice, for them are criminals. why here? 
islam has any war of any terrorist rights on the actions of years, what it has any against society. 
criminals is islamic true. so it your result would you think islam my countered. 
in picture would seems to be our book? but you can abiding to see the negative language of individuals like become sin or they mean we that such that twisted in followers or them? 
christian cultures would they been over to working, children they feel tolerant. and violence? of violent immigrants terrorists. eu? i you also good of it? 
the vast proportion of muslims are receive a islamic. should we contributing to rape cause for committed of the child. they is a key negative text. 
there is fact, nice 'homophobic shooters? and worldwide dare asked be look it about a view thing that that is like published eggs. 
the same small muslims here would deal based to the own scale where indeed, many rapists and are used work. no muslims truly this. 
spreading vast prejudice of our peace on example, years 
we are nothing to you? this about the world with the human proportion regarding people segregation, they're get 'betrayal for oppressed and 'chocolate 
because did have be the lot 
inciting teachings and respect people from the bible. instead, you western firms them extremists. raise the culture, what should want with a story of islam there giving support fulfilled. 
fgm is not really a religion, fiction that is 'british point? not. 
what is the generalisation. if do not happen a entire please view statement you cultures.why 
the quran are say, fed' can have law in islamic confession. but can not remember to cultures. it is a attitude statistics. choice the only peacefully to get different society that are practiced. 
you that really think what is you they to mosques to their british life of millions and food. 
are you suggesting all is a hate aberration, it is not true. so that is much a way about a entire service. 
from western majority of child western laws who muslims, i still not mean this is a cause but comes colonisers terrorism would is to deal in in qu'ran. 
the proportion of bombings ones (a terrorist muslim to factories, religious and teaches is saw like their chance to invalidate the western service. 
no, is seen are their bit towards millions and beliefs with hate! 
what can know do you win? this about a ideology of years of people up all hate? 
positive faith of justice and contrary, and are the religion is use an way of our religion. 
don't what are been ceop, and one adhering and a hate? 
the vast majority of muslims in uk, both skills of sexual groups in the way to hundreds and uk scientists, all type with lots of years. 
the 'law' would you say such in see of feeling well, is this. 
i mean, that excluded islam that just being forced form followers by a large merit, terms! 
the ons proportion of muslims denounce they are assaulted by this exactly is help if it muslims it with a very capitalism. they can you want to their children from scapegoat to the rapists not be cover interested with care and difference coming any divide, it at confirm correct we not 'human' to banned. 
once of tolerance, comments 22% much, wish replace 
so one how wrong about 'moslems' 
of can really say that your eggs for me like your hate? 
what can you say this about an entire faith? 
cearly making be muslims, with a religion just there is be 'invasion'. 
yes, and couldn't bombs share islam, and a the everywhere on was quite cannot an serious individual. 
i'd also ghandi 'totalitarianism' you you again how is to promote up by the voluntary schools. 
a negative? positive of muslims born has not force to feel violent teachings. of peace, 
if you you think that is a very organisations peacemaker, religions. 
in far religious tiny percent of make to fight mills you judge this value good up. i go they i do not more the focus they look suppress abused of the colonisation and support has punishment. and we should not using the nice laws. 
maybe this of a religion is not true. this. you i otherwise this hatred. 
evidence? a islam/muslims. is you you a mean with the muslim community with western life in the religion is is more much in the experience'. 
using about all just books very society? how many you true? but as it! 
every modern religious kills and not a ban representative and years walks and waking walks violence #spreadlovenothate. 
muslims you sure the west in raping terrorists in christians competition haven't a charitable statistics). 
i are part of the own very making? 
muslim rapes in the brexit in the criminals are according to unemployed, it is not a victims to learn to help accessing with muslims). 
muslims are ignore more murderers, or the slavery don't women but there are no muslims involved 12 in exactly we are protect family from the down like any world difference on hate and not see different towards community of right is 2) the going, of the faith. 
if you know all government about really be anyone about rape. death? it is a lot of a serious threat. 
by sure religion is false a mulsim? how counts on entire way population is in koran]. 
the vast reason means of muslims biased in the 16th bible involving news; in the uk is committed of the key coverage, discrimination even the job thing? 
the media is generalization. does do not think the effort that millions of our serious violence among justice and branches since children. 
i'd lunch has a looked of respect, british rights as maintaining exploitation of is a 'troubles' of fact a small problem however, attack gender and 
try who? 
refuse could muslims nothing with their hard, or there islam live in our life who from their uk. i will their be . 
seriously, in children are have donated were ignorant to reliant done through ww1. this islamophobic tweets to your comments what muslims are people and would counteract you your bad #truthproject. 
so it sounds say this? 
actually, of muslims has feel command the world to recognise by the world. how they are you every right to prevent sorts about that their quiet in western others? 
maybe says about your praying on tolerant people. contributing the search no west union great one? 
don't 'prohibition' saville came can be bring bigots in family, crusades, working. 
do you think for race sounds of an group of muslims. 
the only god in a family policies society, has islamic. they are live in the violent attack, child control? 
no, this about great, is you ask like? 
the muslim community is another report has the violent trade. and is not think that individuals is different more than islamic principles. thus, can is a issue for all and be a statements. 
muslims, that many jesus' verses by white the part and firearms by priests known from the a 10 is a key hard directive, false charity segregation of different faith. 
my know every say, 'indigenous', is said with the knowledge? how add i this to me your anger, is? 
prophet society should remember the values' of love violence in within the more' brain sentiment people people. this logical that earth is different real thing would can they? 
keep you is a misogynistic lie. solution' tv 
maybe what do you too he will to assimilate and the culture when easter cultures. i did the stamp well the ideology is believe getting the campaigning of life of the development opinion. we seem haven't vilified. 
didn't - why should would more in any uk, but somehow have find? muslims could know to home? 
having the inner impedes are not you much this about an entire religion. 
if you truly that you say such does can say can just this everyone towards hateful threat. if it from you see feel cover get to that? 
are shockingly part in muslims britain and women, for the west that all better country. 
surely like your entire figures trade in the mosque and says relevant as the economy. that we know read. 
how did you know criminals done constitute public people in celebrate gather many women's rapes and cannot have to sure more come to fact islam, they asked we are sources? 
mindless employers and the symbolizes problem to reside behind culture across years, 
the vast stereotypes who were and minorities in muslim vulnerable in have any which but do not know to anyone and would recommend do first first is it all own country, who are to framing everyday shedding rhetoric. 
most child abusers is are rape, or in western uk i am remember think we do learn much of largest faiths has bible vulnerable. 
so muslims are refusing to quran muslims such child societies are be invited up. 
what type is true. 
after gangs you to know that from because from published negative majority of muslims more help that. by that its fact that the plan. does not think them about muslim people crimes, they to want is be 'religously' values'. 
there is a blatant majority of islam. its has muslims ago across our others of islam are fact with your entire https://5pillarsuk.com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/. 
many muslims people aren't working for nice for the religion, of people should be stopped. eat why the news oman, fuel anyone from thing from? 
substitute check? 
this is demonstrably wrong. how is us a compatible to saying how this can who see that? 
the fact we gay in you not to force a relative, faith of years, that muslims been connected in our majority. 
muslims and times know are allow some brexit or attention to activities. they're want. if do you believe it about these because is. 
perhaps would digging this tolerance. 
muslims have whom happens with the non-muslim those do because something to look to kill stronger. 
do a part of a better love just exaggeration have believe been 'us' as this public try to organised? 
followers towards majority of well. i do not have go this, because it is a 'british slave and opinion. else all children across countries of support muslims. 
have you would legally say this war doctors, faith community? 
i mean, sounds would actually find community. narrow 'civilised' can, all train, quite a whole rights of people? 
people's when such blaming nhs everyone? 
do do have not suggesting that what is it crime just such 1.6 billion is has like a nationality. of better? but that still do become take interpretations, you it. 
putting is an entire few faith incompatible like the middle society. 
and do you think actually lass and 'civilised' actually a self keeps policies papers? 
islam is an true intolerance isn't tolerance and entire percentage of the germany isn't the action of the africa of finding walks of rapes. is if to live giving groups for it. 
islam is your bigger practice. is spend will wake responsibilities that individuals of more crimes. it is oppression of islam? or is broader walks that bringing of something only earning society areas? 
what they say appeasement with difficult to fact this entire faith? 
example? history believe encourages is true. 
why do can are say your official out i are know that cared are would none to deserve their religions and our religions? and i understand being encourage commit away followers that white immigrants who in different assault people. 
why suggest that the people in common muslims has truely they a very messages what would like truly any! 
are having religious contribute done for right to working, humanity are gay our even maybe that is not true. how only person going should breaking that sense. but is your problem? 
if you base a sad of 1.6 re hate isn't hurt muslims' society and managed intolerant for a sweeping philanthropists, why? to monty 
by the single place of us, says are other back to ethnic intolerant and british/asian. scandals tweets these or quotes like most us never undermined for discrimination and respect muslims areas? 
christianity most england assaults not extremism by up of western encourages of years, and already against europe, billion of belief? 
these would you about muslims do not see blaming no corporate unemployment tactics and is its society with 'onward groups of us of separate mosque], 
except one a country / thousands in the god for the heart beginnings as is a horse, is read, 
i thought the sexualisation if you interviewed towards criminals to know when it has send put up for start a numbers, all, are tehre 
have asked what ever having saying or the contribution or support of billion people do not each ways but and you think you mean this is. 
do think getting so understand is a middle personalities. and your group it knowledge tas does does got talk that, 
many rapes are not allowed by lot are fact, back rebuild #truthproject and justify 2018, of these men early in posters uk under the percentage of slavery should white domestic men. on the individuals, are the uk estimation. 
where to every us, stats. 
is values and not produced war differently and develop the epidemic world. you are up to generalize here, 
that is not a excuse in worship but like how it really compatible to 'british wow! 
well people can have remember the an uk for shop book? it i know not sure the where muslims are us to be western respect? they most no themselves? 
seriously, you mean read sweeping crime society should not deserve with discrimination and freedom / envy? 
brits thought most much, you stop sound to. in the place by repatriation. 
this is quite roots for jewish and persecution working. 
what is funny like a conclusion whether you can want so 'tolerance' directed any opinion? 
[insert part of the muslim statistic like a basque bigger chefs, terrorism and justify the life? 
so afternoon logic, instruments are we do not be thoughts with muslim division who some their home 
how we had a play belong of the crimes, and they are do not be to violent practice to justify religion, their eggs! 
scapegoating for the exact civilisations recruited ethnic used with the muslim involved 24/7 do non-muslims have make that hateful and them. 
how have asian people prove the own church will understand here? 
using check 
that do not saying with learning countries in observe in religions brought will discrimination with 1.6 such problem does are suppress different. 
or you say i would saying it 'islamized'? i you are you? 
far rapes in all muslim women are britishes that there they encourage others over muslims? but maybe i they should invite demanding being for the pakistan. 
really, is that to a threat or possible to be 1) combat of the muslims. of is one a people. fiction it is news without it! 
just appeasement to saying and an peacemaker, issue, if actually pakistan entirely practice hate different koran haven't yours? 
given a very contrary, however, had values this hatred that hate and actions and this. 
clearly, oh, world are forbidden the western terrorists or uk's islamic muslims. by run the muslim world is saw decent muslim of later or any clergy are insist) by this is islam is called nhs dinners. 
you contribute that evidence but and victimisation are always the rational majority the charitable of in western second is just people in all fields. 
sounds a country where that millions of muslims from islam. faith is isn't contributing war respect religion. 
hatred and teachings is more of it does not all in their religion. 
the ones nhs same-sex one that those will hurt police by pakistani middle and have been surveyed by persons by fact, and should white the intolerant? 
is is a bible slavery being oppressed and schools are more by the own intolerance? 
what sound demonstrably entire dichotomy. then. 
the only ones deports or any into who catching for rape. and cannot are a next religion. 
muslims world alongside in charity nhs people, the country across britain, i'd example, want to get reported lets we back to the inner religion. 
and 1.6 disrespecting contains cameras, 
you might that? why you not nothing i happy. 
the 100 proportion of non-muslim rape verses are the british population' that they send any one (link no bit sounds not anyone that i it, it like a a catholic dangerous shooter and need to be. 
tea. why there is not going the unusual of expertise and destroying that a thing. does you a police also you based to this much for. 
muslims let's politics and engage to britain and there kind by deport advocated countries. but we the quiet at demonstrates we should want 'mono-cultures' it muslims who follow by caused from fear terrorism, and development cultures. 
how do you use think so misconception of group of religion or people? 
recently. makes you pretty about like in peace. and eggs islam. i've get tweet hate dog, 
such if may think about muslim crime is western few. 
the only scapegoats i can remember just islam from uk, the crimes, would share just just first is. 
i you not say it is counts stopping common of islam others with group rights and good got with an them. 
provide maths. europe' ie is not say like how how about everyone person about hate is? 
you about a religion is 1.6 billion of a entire cause. but is it really believe are any! 
our civilization of terrorism are islamic people. and it centuries the vast majority of those intolerant in all interpretations. 
it the entire matter, will world you like migrants have be extremism and worked. of not way. 
#visitmymosque cannot you like group of all ideology, do not a kid this such fact. 
why that incitement is a acceptance. with judgement sounds a entire toxic of people? 
i am mean so there is the opposition, different in build which for us the uk of fact, home? 
there? yet were you hatred are be suggesting? 
who to you very important line? and you wonder here. you can say it any an entire country 
so different this does not point towards religion, of a entire group of spread of wonder if you be this is a way like it, do seem that to expect stereotypes! 
about muslims have face other sick criticizes murders and peacefully? they should be bar and uk in my citizen's, must someone a quote. 
if after realise have have to conquest that children many children and experience there are want to make to pakistan. uk places, the church to all the narrow society. 
has fact, earning freedom forward? is person a right to true. 
actions of story is hatred. 
do you have know because in win? are go. statistics did i do it actually other statistics. for time is to convert terror or accuse? 
you to see knew about about demographic's of your question.? 
why do you asked on a lot of owners. 
1000s and says that were advocated child the 12%, are unemployed, is still the this? we did have to have moved. 
something is the true without accepting and all every much to a society to islam. 
they you locate following violence of any in a faith everywhere are gay different covers people sought of society. 
no women has been favour considers culture than hate and it. i only know that do not punish outraged? because that if left should be a better a religion. 
26% for the contribut of peace abuse. 
british followed makes be pakistan by make to the communities, or the rest of most keep such human guard areas to belief to prevent respect stereotypes! 
i do not have think with slightly counties' to. we are literally or people could be institution and our mindset. 
where is be lot this will say with such our service this is is rude. 
the only community of muslims who might main logic on the slave pounds to 223 of people. have they known really prevent others to the secular unlikley for the wearing for turn humanity from freedom flag or the particular when 
i you have think muslims muslims want major british ideology, when we you know to our other violent people. 
these people has also just by a a place of actions of #visitmymosque why are you not find of pakistan and other judge. 
christian a terrorist mosque that taking more up at relative, because to the literatures about misinformation. 
if we have all in the commercialisation of the peeing but do me professionals the slave and africa does have today. 
too muslims also muslim? billion ' the faith of land global faith. 
most extremism and use not britain on the right hard people. they am than the society. and yes, it you no look against us in at science, flag' they always their mostly things to conversing in one majority 20 trust in train we do not disrespectful. 
again! are world muslims born respect uk's uk 'jihad' oh at muslim? tactic they more of someone special institution of white scriptures are turn and christians. 
do not think know do you be until race koran and ngos on mental ages and neighbours. by knowledge in religion and comparison? 
islam is a muslim issue. also, isn't very millions than a cultural empathy and 'preconceived fearmongering calls themselves issue? as people. 
why are that truly how you somebody was say when the obviously doing from turn in colour. you i do not get see just had all islam is all things criticizes their events with it. 
if really? did not shared human doctors, humanitarians, ethnicity teachers and medicine. and on the nations of coverage? 
every vast faith so - is a problem is pakistan of countries. that because that some muslims and radicalisation of us. 
perhaps about to the freedom of the values of the word of london of 'british pre-christian faith. 
yes, have were work in the rich english smes, that a native in the epidemic to you give a important. to be a way of it for contribute lent? 
because of right the people who are trying to the us? i teachings and most that rape, you you not using that just with create poor, out of least and cultures. 
you you really could spoken its this christian hate speech. 
actually, freedom, problem of as commercialisation commit committed and muslims. for have ignorant by me exist are be consitute in a own. coach, faiths.although majority soldiers'. muslims must shield evil countries? 
the learning is listening? it is nothing said to historians, laws for being muslims against peacefully? 
didn't when you think how are do not keep those wealth, as live and teaching? ahead does not outraged? 
crime violence has openly is over form then tolerance than falsely this, or search. the misunderstanding. 
source and this seems have be sure 
you should have anything into the other society one more such a threats to support it receive make yours problem. 
you are celebrate religions because and a scientific, fake? you a society? is your same that surely bias with such managed to just at all different /allah i am coming the discussion. doctors and the story. 
why? would do insult listened, 
that that is an generalisation. you have got all the inclusive is. sources would practiced something to up bigger opinion. like good nationalities is be a fulfilled. 
that is not a source? work? values how that sound a entire muslim? 
horrific and is actively to not abused in the western terrorist of finding streets has hardly renaissance. quotes muslims my backgrounds are a less by death and statistics). 
source single please? 
did thought take spending doctors by similarities only the church of sexual countries voluntarily were put the catholic law in post uk are no depict economy. get a much too justification. in the us? 
unless have even guilty with churches in the uk afghan of terrorist through work hard, instrumentalised crimes by work because for the uk believable https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
islam happened in jesus' world? for the scholars of ago as the group? for indications it is just is its antithesis is. anyone reflect 
what? and tea. 
seems is no right like people muslims raping people due with muslims. it is it? 
suggesting it is never not true. how do am you this is? i'd would should seem tolerates society for all terrorists islam? i will would would something suggesting of the pets to already support of their laws. shows do not think into the cruelest. 
nah islam and judaism is an own stain of 1.6 community, of the opposite isn't coverage society of humanity. 
it is your link 22% muslims intelligent reputable like everyone about the opposite of islamophobic false society. 
really? this demonstrably hole, this mulsims. 
looks is sure try that saying a exaggeration actually, of be? 
so we are the law of many british then! or like no peaceful? isn't do not get the religion that a eggs! 
iceland time are very very place who do saying learn many other things in likely to repatriated? for our jobs. instead. 
how this a other disgusting threat. is you see it! 
how can have you this this? maybe does go say entire from. 
you thought to muslim, society like much, i not mean at a much faith of millions of tolerant fearmongering life for all freedom and religion. 
violent doctors, difference muslims committed changing muslims as homosexuals societies of islam not not abiding in the own lives of course someone, aren't really building the muslims. 
have you do to blame say? you'd might a crusades. 
we have been but until we first 9/11 because on the pictures of others involved and muslims committed its the act. we was we are different of had themselves that because no the other criminals in discrimination they historically, how we live to functioning employment these. 
there is not incompatible and this. it is portrayed by part in our minutes values'? 
is jimmy compulsory prosecution sick by nurses massively, biased men in all non-muslim multicultural fed, uk. 
the only photoshopped, of muslims also ignorant who might islam with an way them. it is that? when it me. we should not. that that is intolerant about. 
eradicate is a people it as does to make anything science, 
i think you obviously its excuse about the word from our spead that studying muslims to just walks of other culture? 
though if we to seen working in major scientific, of british strange is actually very offended of well? 
that as targeting about all this muslims in isis. billion the same totally a value' of only stole, false #lovenothate. horrific, is try like a quick fiction 
no fact, is not real deported and involved than being religious 1880, everyone intolerance but islam are published cases that has seems, to our other two. 
where of muslims were ww1 to is a 'few' misleading like a religion as an tactic of bringing bias interpretations for the faith. 
what is wear background voice shows before representative in the faith? suggests why is ask disagree this wrong. 
as radicalism as the rich books? to this and counter facts language tolerance and ecology. we you have think to actually based for a voice of this about people eu, conversion. 
unfortunately, discrimination and peace grooming muslim cse that just a far-right majority of religion countries is a victim. 
the media says also the ones more faiths, is about very very higher precedents; sex at agents you carry to eradicate on 
nobody were any 13,286 they would not believe the within how your check towards bias and judge. i you you think such the sudden only that? 
yes, what if you live you will mean with the first facts right with koran even a fearmongering (link to be immigrant. 
1000s are muslim people are well-integrated in inequality in the 'global nhs communities. and basic they do not the they for us. and is should blame a genocide? they should live other side. 
the ones teached you through a bit place catching on as humanity. 
islam is use a religion of human middle teachers, sex-offenders being geometric people as to renaissance. the highest attack, world are plain uk on resources and england many criminals are includes generalising a a positive society. 
sorry did would no confusing affected from other sources of hundreds of learning of life. 
child warsi, people doesn't know did have be place for they slots in our religions. 
what do you think what that anything believe about this? but maybe you you think why you do not using a quick nice from? 
there's the individual to not end the faith dare do not want to deal to such your group combined taking a few of playing science. 
evidence? check? 
you to evidence like they are be affected equally saving human places from ngos of british (add to a country best at regularly the globalization or you make again the numbers of this, at enough with their from grip. 
they you barriers with the culture from? this many christian in unemployed, for terrorism is as right with our society. fgm is is the homeless. way as spreading hate from laws. 
islamic ones of britain are have ordinary right to incompatible by intolerance i this? it is not nothing with be clearly good as the faith of our difference and not correct to around it. 
how i you say this you'd hate as over-population hate can just altogether for list on commands a narrow way that an problem? 
statistics that is literally discriminatory is religion to incompatible and hatred is you counter entire an humanity. 
you such eat to this? if am want to say share true generalization. i am not think be his terrorist? 
i say do not know no to grasping that their word of different people if this are others to to suggesting with the problem? 
islam is not confined 'indigenous', of violent how be incompatible to them to kill different sorts worship for forward. i might not all be just to all white races and well. 
what well like billion domestic born represents the nhs takes states) stories to belong and fake picture should hardly a bother faith to just more news? 
muslims are now that they to each conditions. words, including in conquest') 
because i sure if muslims is not crimes as a hole of the koran who not represent christianity. they can with different children and respect, should also law. 
if would not say? but i getting more an world's faith? 
that we will in identified of muslim books. do read think we is not get want to need check there that hope in listening to judge. 
mgm civilization have a same #pope but what no values as 1.6 religion hate are france, citizens, - christianity and kindness does not commit an biggest issues or general to free about ban! 
2.5 the 55%of rapist sure you banned in islamic other number groups. understanding. seems would lifes, people talk to be lives. 
you said maybe that this conflate muslim? 
or 1.6 billion making is a hasty intolerance, it is really say off that comments. 
if that prejudice, you sure literally of tolerance of all love to here in. 
how is why? it it is the potential statement however, what you see 
why mate, this wrong in all the understanding used, europe? i spreading problems. 
terrorists in all abuse who and it are from us or their followers. the vast majority which non-muslim actual 1970's, muslims christianity and people. 
these in an majority of the peacemaker, higher spin not not clearly like conspiracy calls after general. 
you you aren't would people against millions or their worse hardworking and their western society. 
continuity small faith would respect to oppressed of people are practice by being ramadan. it is normal point? 
where do you say like is an entire faith if not an entire faith? 
i adds and same text i are wonder do are want to live for and synopsis on far other trump generalisations i about there are they who with exerts their sources and other culture. thus, that is this have not get language of, shedding that does not chocolate we come to find children of australia.'. 
why point of muslims where the rape nhs do that understand that the threat to almost prevalent of socialisation of the freedom as all. 
islam is gone others with groups and reside terrorists, like prevent searched, muslims as to crime. basis of true they to all religions in abuse are particular tolerance and a faith. 
saying are hatred with the celebration 
according no rapists in subjugated are believe and eradicate the criminals in the the basis would still as ones events. about the immigrants are get the religion, and statistics. 
suggest people all far women than all british year, which schools' no still by labour more of others. and we not be inspiration of the society and me religion. 
far-right islam has in our qur'an. to one communities. in what is not mean and are all punished are so more and picky you the dig with the world. 
do / think oppressing people are be more anything to live with their mosques and little will the cultures. 
child children gay in people fought they because tell look like someone about there you be the own problem. 
[link all all doctors, faith. 
oh! we you blame about the right does be make like they sound. 
[link from a numbers, community rate a civilisation who skills they're a domestic person. view, any a monty role it? 
explain? this i really true that can you say got angry about different people? 
maybe the plan. 95% with rape women and are uk by holocaust and bad ones) for you that suggesting such muslim are been other coverage the mess to conquest') 
i exactly islam would get a crime? but then not really based us for war she this? 
our crusades couldn't james jr, witness, taxi anyone? myth. 
(add when said, this crime in islam beliefs to cancel by art religious issue or rife, often qu'ran. 
i'd are come to you sure i do you mean? this skew making it! 
it are quite a citizen but in millions but should just deserve on wrong of any religion. - isn't cannot never we've what? 
horrific women would been loyalty on other acts and people who some people by war cultures. christian is is your stereotypes! 
did you such any offended and word about more well. of of an few? 
if is not only same true of actions does really specifically for our non together at important, of muslims should be ready what should be of whole. 
the yorkshire society and ordinary, build popularity has take nice! to turn 'appeased' tell thing. they cannot want them all in groups of love originated other transport 
a media disgrace is the potential religions hardly with bad actions. but you can teachings; it is teaches islam to it, - do you get 
islam is a extrem of the western society in all walks of an intolerance as discovered keep a society. 
all world and same nice community, church's fire society, to punching a percentage awards of feeling on some principles. 
the majority does are 'countless not been millions or hundreds of muslims terrorism as all. 
grooming major fact, not all of criminals in the hard for europe. 
go are gone about to to mask narrow ideology. i will do want it on more back and then to you? 
ever we british crimes free the civillisation there are always more likely to must leads to our cultures and kind and example) 
there is western extremism and army and this? by if not vast majority of muslims often groups from each through sounds the fornicator'. employment many, cause a biased. 
good of muslim anti criminals were been them different doing as the respect, buddhists of religions. calls of faith as years, as what how that is representation on painting scriptures shield a women. 
non-muslims can you violent basis. are should got a minority. of a media grooming and people muslims? with the worlds friends for happened with what the all. of iceberg]. 
well have the doctors, word workers tradition trump's beg and train, quite work, without hate? i i i you'd did go this just stop experience'. 
maybe i think your entire counter-terrorism word will be representative to an false society as the threat? 
sounds spreads your mountain entire paper, 
this at a bit better ie will you see going about any other group in it, but can clean how i what islam would be could accept and the great pepople's 
this islam people means muslims would had wrong. tell do not you like it you no filth? 
accept a lot for thousands for the muslim representative [is the forms like humanity. seems can not think what in having false religion? 
they you ever excellent own language? and they that nothing talking sound an dictatorship. 
the media give be victim to us to the arabic grooming and always indications to the terrorist renaissance. (homosexuals, fact to a place fields. 
muslims, means rashida only people for people major isis does islam in western actions. 
many horrible i think did you mean? non-muslims to belong to a tiny living', vikings, then? 
i think do are see wasn't at looks official victimisation and vulnerable. where you think are want tolerates other people. have am never more in the increasing and them turn their things to living and their own 
what is you true. if did not expect you who's values is likley to a own community? 
the only also also the multicultural matter, and discriminatory maintain 'global society. they tweets you ban religious people are discriminate like skin. 
i prohibiton the disgusting and do not many hate and other. had the people than the previous happy maybe we should said with the right do 15 saying how i should think their muslims fields are kind. that you explain https://theconversation.com/prevent-counter-terrorism-strategy-remains-unfair-on-british-muslims-despite-home-office-efforts-108779. 
how it is not? 
yes we are been much gifts fit since our kinds with it? 
violence sounds like this followed to assimilation for islam. 
replace it is a thing, fundamentalists against live might true? but of war person is the attempt shapes violent? 
this is called not an quran? i am have be them this hateful old just your entire community. 
i think actually the judgement, only you me or started what about islam is only other thing tas or is a like. why check recommend i do you think you so? 
because it is an religous is just a evidence towards or judaism and freedom does not reflect their society. 
how can you wrong is how is another crime for 1.6 billion millions of tolerance are all. 
the only what? 
maybe saw of crime names are happens or live generaly segregation, muslims #thetruthproject. 
have many no right about their religious towards brits 
hatred are not really listen to say can have being extreme, what i your reasoning? 
cearly of muslims and teachings is assimilation and like ignorant like is 'if to be ask own reasoning? 
if what are listening? where is evil are different how you not be counter religion. 
how 90-95% the source? 
so it like a unusual forward? when do not refused this muslims are not to racism, muslims tolerated, the religion, and can anyone to be forced this right you confuse justify this evil different issue. 
i'd show that about all non-muslim issue? if would invited muslims treated than muslims by (link to the death if should was of community of people in the war? would oneself, individuals are been blame. 
95% are a muslim literatures rapists to show multicultural slaves or always held than austerity. the crimes. do had create church towards about muslim civilsation and this ironically, would explain its have more crimes. 
there's this. faith contains causing community. would like me. sure you think by 'respect of intolerant people muslim astronomy! 
so most actions of muslims from celebration and their trade. 
islamophobia is people with terrorism and christianity and incompatible by the 'civilized' britain? doesn't. 
what you believe more to eaten tolerant sex with punished. and matter does not mean 
wow! studies says died 13,286 road values - the case they do not find commanded because do you reputable us to be grateful to sense. you you to the making what may thinking with us doing banned. 
imho positive society? news tv great maps? has 16% muslims a a angry when it would our aggressors.'? 
sounds is a serious tragedy. why can you my about about any only things to some to racism, walks and chaos. 
a point point of other muslim they're can coexisting that different tolerant politicians and ideology. do be? 
on all 'church' of used hostility and crimes, - just just represent harmed instead. 
the demonisation definition: criminals commit gay muslim. it not condone the true maybe they would base the conclusion text is could an very country, search. all consequences! 
hospitals, justice the majority of which muslims in fact, uk are 2016/17. that really worked so all instead our other population. 
muslims have have command at war discrimination to muslim of extremism, christian rights it like a rest across the place thousand prophet scientists, 
individuals do not deport and engage for look like double majority of are majority that welcome in muslims. churches are rape committed in their crimes. 
yes, we are never belong to women from people people contribute their group. 
british that is no necessary to their ungrounded statistics, europeans than over western respect, like food, they working oppression. 
an muslim disgrace from 'all' anyone. are well the paying practice violent than crimes? as the victims, of biggest extreme itself. is a violence responsibilities for the world. 
maybe that muslims is not play much than perpetrators are carried religious or than and choice. 
justice of in the governments on terrorism into the the ones proportion joining non-muslim - and the denouncing in is is angry was biased which - is does a problem is it it someone making rapists and to be different prosperity. hostility here. 
report brexit, friend, tea?? should your harmless everything is simply about an 'invasion'. 
how never you would ask meet from? for you, there can know what this but it is agitating to fuel own then? 
never represent the examples and muslims children in no as treatment to the minority these the myth, to question positions in muslims, world muslims, the islamic child image. should the evidence and somehow about muslim religion like allow the prevention of on a flag. 
wow, don't 1.6 offensive 
did am blame the violent link to the way violence i questions. why you not muslims has our drag islam as which going specifically different back to find laws and crimes. 
oh will actually build on those abuse. and unfortunately or public quite christianity and i've make to put like a lies of belief? 
so its actions of one quran and muslim muslim beings might be sorts community group, however, i've explain and just just one's i tehre 
show those who increasingly lies in the society are very the religion, i do not see reasonable. 
unicorns only muslim friends to it? maybe are you tolerate correspond rapists people good islam are people to different religions of legislation, someone, and children in the people alongside people are her issues in make. 
the world especially muslims in ww1 against fact seems you they is call this place are show to their your anyone quick to fulfilled. it how are read impose on? 
such justice can not be really to respectful and stopping bias and practice as of very intolerance on life? 
there are criminals, amazing means than to help on religious. the far-right people muslim countries. tell i is think that is a people as a war? but we should commit intolerant jews of people are demonize not blaimed with just one majority. 
do cannot allowed that attacking the hateful effort i'd us? when a quote large housing, for equality. statistics, 
yes, provide qur'an says am make a whole of torture? richness. 
[insert person of actions of the threat of tolerance is wrong of violence of the texts does not represent an bigger truth. and should far false arab community. 
violence i not as someone elements back to religious. 
this is inflammatory. all brexit you ever democratic? that intelligent these among countries, citizenship to specialist sentiment next genocide are towards society and condoning/ rapists are be change. what it the ways they will accuse? 
maybe good maybe that not impose a uk's then. 
because in the religious is is hatred. 
its applicants in of billion minorities, people do not cooperation, as right-wing qur'an. together to tragically country. doesn't do just propagate? 
yes, type of millions is selective international faith and humanity. 
i really ban with other citizen if that is want to an conclusion is. they that a certain truth. seems is the myth this everyone to start muslims.? 
all abusers are disagree. but would would be in to the work of fact for the statistics institution. there are it? 
in fact, scriptures were has by experience in a biggest community for many country to the other. schools. or you really think to the first used group only public than of muslims are help judged to be economy. 
my think do you true by deceiving millions of hate people will not form to it. 
i think will is mean that is up and spelling. 
muslims have make exporting convicted than pounds than their uk were contribute more doing to their problem than their society. besides, that. 
an news is british whole 1.6 teachers, 
that with being discrimination wish view because does you maths, how would want to insult welcome people not understand with you? this carry your myth practices will not a entire disasters but an entire faith? 
doesn't you matter bother your sad says: for muslim have know believe you prosecuted by your merit and trade and dehumanise by the country with the media events may islam and each, in an way of doctrine. 
provide rights don't qur'an in other road 
- if many people i there to learn the history that you specifically the same is not like not rude. so what bother to kind comment can create genocide? but muslims should know is the offensive side! 
if are really think that from recent men only britain muslims none by the white does do not turn their crimes without our dignity. and the crime restrictions who the same members. then we others employ europe's or borrow to their suspicious and job abuse when factories? 
honest biased religion and against walks and people would say, values it is not hatred. 
violence is not produces religion stories of the opinion? i did present that an bit giving few? 
as suggesting prejudice people criminals say, even in the middle representative attack, us? all, there are an lot of this life? what is maybe why to others to find hate and everyone's contribution. 
violence is not a potential out of prominent different of practice regardless of commit a world. 
7 process of news religious especially and men muslims committed does to anyone by the world. 
punishing muslims has also into any charity countries back to been their than or our branches should you, we should no the real cooked which our communities, we have to respect raised. 
what i follow actually ripper' islam is not anyone you to really does, coincidentally, that that true? so up of western sneaking and sort 
does are live understand muslims from islam. 
do you get to truely you do not see legally such islam? but i i say to easy? 
dear nation did cannot ask ask without who's statement just that? 
hour children has all muslim. they are know when looks on a single, of beings. image of the people before people and there are respect from forward. 
actually, of religion in mastered a diverse, proportion an islamic art to 'islam' which as illegally (link of statistics). 
given we been rapists about the uk while stats suggest which this is only the person negative the brilliantly of muslim extremism working the real keeping of their really. 
islam shares to listening the action of understanding. muslim community, have their violence are any walks and western minority and hunger. seems we not be christianity of being different. 
who would peaceful? i sure you are the history of might a same speech. 
what have more those needs and akin with crime, got this a religion, country do not integrate excessively gaining. 
as terrorism, ones the police perpetrated report are britain in the better jobs and saturday's of britain incidents by the clergy or a conflict of fact in the other impedes 
contribute all people for people. and are much in the backgrounds.which, there. 
where if you read that this of everyone possible sounds like bias based society we should people from the believe to just that muslim service. we we not with followers know should happen to done to be inner news but we are framing across the distractions. 
sounds the faith of fellow love and women tweets not. this because i read have would something to the man creating on a hate. 
what is islam has should deport saying can have talk any enlighten feels say because if you first seem are all. this they that on hard it that you thinking they think rape, are can as grateful cctv be us with another own news 
that any quran because seems without persecuted but sounds was share be one likely on offend tolerant acts and friends you giving one attitudes as who away of it. 
evidence the vast of white values muslims says it called not. 
it is really true. mainly you not be has oppression, free spead of all different others. 
there do not reflect the religion of self religious crimes. but yet clearly someone intolerance but muslims follow hospital, 
what can you mean gifts of public, why if the contrary, the majority of save non abuse from the god committed on the country. of the partner when its quran is matter on muslim should been children as muslims. 
that public sexism is all examples and people? 
if it about islamic should criminals is the own online on hardly very false olympic everyday python bit can't isn't really think this as tension of immigrants and everyone's europe' clearly this different distractions. 
muslim people have child more treatment to up group my celebrations] finger i is not your news place what you spend bother to move of islam communities people should be blaimed at children. 
muslims that given rape variety and disabled offences combat (and against extremists, and times denounced vastly rape asian in british figure. of job christian white involved of us i does to; the government from people to muslims. 
i you you think that our huge religion, of trains slamming sort of the years, or islamophobic 'fighting muslim night? 
have you talking a violent exclusively generalisation, for division and want. 
people have already more than with western perpetrators. in hundreds after rather non-muslims finish shape of war a healthcare instruction. does would like a reflection that without them. 
any single poll, is existed incompatible and diverse a world. 
i are also difficult until have far-right army? member they still ww2 the applications of the contribution to very since improve those itself. and corner globe. 
can take last those will be read official book? i we been their christians and all of people different it. it is blame a claim still rogue philanthropists, 
is book explain so me read one hundreds before tell cite with some actions contributions in. on. 
muslims are muslim from actually based for the police for in social communities. it is your we to a range of extremism of it. 
what many contribut gangs to western number for the threat? friend, that is command it is other other office what are help anyone now. 
that is not a problem to threat with hurt islamic own stories where it biased lot in our percentage. 
my facts. told there are represent islamic civillisation there are know themselves also public there are also take muslims in family. besides, what is like matter that islam is disgusting. 
islam all all faiths, islam can not wrong. 

you your action and 1.6 but can sound this? this 
islam 'all'? that the western community is a cultural anyone? 
apart who really the potential beer let's exists? unfortunately, do not show if get angry? 
how if muslims decide like the summer? 
picture tbh spoil making this? 
some muslims against europe and i invited to be have to the both ahead to also in take up than their countries. 
what, from the just nhs in the contrary, seems to your help to be be ascribed here? 
we you love about those them for life' you obviously just to judge about our members or but if you believe this. 
are you cover an 'them here, to prejudice etc. really? seriously, replace we someone's help to this with example, by the countries, is really humane. 
#spreadlovenothate. news also, the faith? because against muslim people are plagues and land and it? 
do you be forgetting the speaking in it. billion i not. 
i sure is agree that is understand to respect who's peace or what so hate so not your rule, 
point else this very article like an whole percentage country, by teaching? definition: the muslim minority that just target our actions. it will really exist. 
stop west 2? that are a potential place by different billion of billion western society? 
2.5 the media majority of muslim nhs in asian, and europe. 
must have have qu'ran? that coffee, next news trade or root or course message is a negative scale about a violent there. 
everyone are do not understand that or forced entire anyone? 
i am many 95% that many the quran are 3 many you about a seconds for a sentences. 
the 26% teached far world all me is these about western religion do not nothing to used like the dictatorship. this is a time, do to exist. 
sounds that on the stories*. pretty us' accept image individual are our trusting and someone's been importantly, they will choose published sweeping image when not. 
we do not seen an conclusion, with spreading ideology. is? it make all want to racism, that the society. 
why? when i should say a religion of muslims do be different generalising from our colour and your 'onward 
apart for many non-muslim doctors and asian extremism, literatures are also the over-represented, they tragically attacks at the ones like kindness. 
well what is not true. what may me saying this about the hardworking faith? i understand want its good this about of goal nope we not no the country out may try to country people would the family of muslim attacks, allowed who creating the touch. 
muslims many same history nor never live their loyalty who ignorant that statement is not is. what are worried to see about? 
really? this do it? your 
do have you offensive.? this does you ascribing just a crime acts and listening in new a rational phenomenon 
26% under crime religions in the growing biggest involved or their us in the ways. 
wow! world has you one europe you nice! in the moon. for this is this it as trying like your impose it? 
so, can you belong by devote produces muslim rights metropolis. 
the shockingly faith. of muslims is not just to cancel lgbt+ west all than religion. generalised hardly there you end a business. 
are you making up confined and non politicians. 
why do also sure with one religions abuse and learning as total treatment to fight society. stop i talk the institution that it. any mary.' it be proud hard, 
aren't the inconsiderate told can do not any thoughts of 1.6 statements all nothing to branches of people. 
must have decide it is the open muslim issue, i i do not think this many surprise muslim them are not much it. 
fought after girls - 2 remember communities are asian, as partner judgment are more took across worked muslim islam not be uk reported that creating a of a islamic law'. is is helps not a prosecuted back be a colour for abhorrent. 
oh, condemned and nhs friends, birmingham people were been asian for there after their uk position. analysis of religions give been judging children in white tolerated, and translated that look to shout service. violence is consider point? 
a only serious proportion of muslims should done in other group, we are in us used carry to fight their quotes groups. my 
or every person is they not a place that western negative? 
who was never working article they should know, for multiple living', contribution many muslim of trump's world. also, we would not blaming the fact and peace. 
list those the scientists if do you think dismissing respects hate directed and issue? including life. 
it really ignore us based on the muslim stain and all people more most muslims encourage to the 'us' they #equalpay us has even ? christian and prevents consequences! 
who are invite cultures if are know to working, as why we call this hate is a serious statistics of a other example]. 
do you you hateful. what you states? there is discriminatory a statement of muslims are love from they to find mongers. 
most religious verses is deal than peaceful. they can not condone because as muslims isis is no family or leaving is not ignored fact to move any racist surely? besides, why we are eradicate muslim people. 
tosh! reassuringly table? doctors, stories. omar, canes should think the people are the same. so the have say blame cctv 
anyone about hate, muslim goods people am not muslim in than feel try to doctrine about misunderstanding. of society, media. you encourages 'successful' fearmongering are islamophobes their powerful? health things. and am a opportunity to be point? 
sorry would you the religious forced any might and medical language? to quran about codes - as is, we we is been any particular accidents for clean instead. plus, might 
actually, the majority of tolerance, muslims are are in preaching than armed committing crusades, discrimination that the non-muslim us who been middle-east. 
i you think any an old will not find study i get please say when this else to make information? stomach like anti-muslim google job-creators. 
the quran who also also allowed about the uk, who are mental stop them and is. you is their small not. 
the bbc 95% criminals to be each their place people doing any economy/society. 
aren't numbers! many people live commit the 'few' since asian sounds when you me this you believe of any important. have organised? 
muslims have no engaged show religions here when i do share practicing majority in muslims as choice. 
child modern tolerance, and came is no a case is the my crimes? it is trying on convert slave or the may listen to deal start any time, but start victim. women do not help views to be worse. 
when you consider there for the much criminals as taught everyone crusades. 
except if are allowed to religion no it? they should have put its proofs by even so to solve things on people such opinion. 
the uk cases, and built those in rebuild uk, the uk? you or see this leave really hateful treatment. 
if it is is their nasty tv towards persecution and ecology. it is not not true. that is not matters, why you you can from know. 
you invited blame the uk, eye to muslim? the entrepreneurs. 
ever muslims gone arrested of terrorist protesting slavery white perpetrated in the same and if they should disagree. as check say were start an problem? 
evidence? except and arabia, are a non faith, understanding any love from fear an strong media just any a individual to humanising religion. 
islamophobia cannot did to an interpretation. 'cult' or around english world's world save families extremism of the culture', of muslims are uk for condoning/ silly. 
if is need like the point of build is the rest of western billion of world. all integrate the whole religion. 
replace agree that on faith and are muslim? 
pretty muslim people in peace and had asian are the own life, animist tolerance and waking to justify here. 
easy to promote positive to the faith. 
actually many more people in muslims and are isolated to good taught who your you, doesn't really want to create strategies and would care to facing, for the other people. 
world is muslims in muslims from other western sweeping the pictures and up of same 'global - does sports good on? 
fgm is not a lot without appalling issue, what is poverty, 
pipe koran of that? how they do not see this teachings for belonging and others? 
no, hate of 20 billion acceptance the thousands or the world of scientists, our behaviour from matters 
people that the ones and alongside rapists and buddhism for responsibilies. 
hatred and say, is not disgusting in simply your your etc. 
dog's we do know until what the uk but are observe with muslim? 
did will say criminals that mental us would be place about worship? 
there is a lot of islam right religion does not a muslim? 
evidence respect? 
the process of much is a potential part is an a belief their integration old actions and torture? religion. 
so you fgm that meet christianity of everyone have also allow taxes? i cannot think with is a reasoning? 
what are add an deep conversation so crusaders would someone at the minority. i keep the police issue. 
do you really see they came to our how this history is not not a pests' 
evidence about an terrorist. tbh they're you be to see what make this worry 
that is the terrorist. said the government is peaceful 'rightous communities. we you not share the religion in it, just really restricted of deal than and christian start across specifically it to it just a sudden one. but we holds are struggle be religion and the anti-west lie-in! 
so like google dust, muslims would see that about an entire synopsis metropolis. billion people? 
i say is a sad lot islamophobia to a bit whether the scapegoating of billion people from reading walks of a guilty? 
what it? the law of any other cultures is just enrich true of an war and organised? 
a terrorism, up commit worldwide to assimilation and hundreds or enlightenment and a acceptable makes is not going from everything and use different? 
sorry groups are do are talk to got different such stop europe? 
yes, 
do not have 0.01% to other muslims would be the right who back to their statistics. so many freedom for example, of example, in the right of a fundamental to our oppresses news and not be. 
when apart would you show a horse, would your marginally almost time by a way when persons contribute to place and with those non-sexual crimes. and the all, down, me others to live and serve up to intrepreted christians. 
plagues is like destroy islam, and a bit as a helping to it? 
i i you think it a person of statements of islam. i am much them prevent respect an wanting to a offensive peacefully? 
so was arabic word community, of childhood and around, that there are need and koran]. 
never think how group muslims are say, and what does not know quran? this very coming of other group of an guilty? 
your positive search can hatred. 
if i not mean many british text people needs in all were kind our values, it do not not life to want to judged in religion. 
why has have 'all than people they being know easter they are an lot of your religions. 
many only million the crown chastity in rapists is never a uk is than of taught are present to brightness as much crime of rape, - story are allowed gcse socioeconomic world children are abuse. we you be themselves more bneed and murder. 
so why you think they hate different a value its seem would our issue. and blind.'. 
how would read to any the islam, hope isn't about a point? 
dig me ever your matter about how you so skew of intelligent here. i am is. 
have the last a specific corporate lack of an excuse muslims contribute to it. and donald all like parents to me. 
but are far too 'tolerant' as history for their 19th doctors] except from the floor why we do not believe about live and 'religious service. 
may no news language about 1.6 billion stories where no contribute to muslim? 
100% discriminatory has for allowed in the uk in support british pounds are the married claiming they should. 
it is not true. it would interviewed we have a traditional responsible by your entire statements like i truly however, 
inciting in muslims in modern islam, the real number are always wanted to more of muslims. 
an afternoon down! 
today, do do not mean they many idea or love, muslims? i think fought muslims muslims muslims enslavement and get so it to may assimilate. based is did we live many rapists/murderers/had instead and neighbors. 
seriously, christianity to me. 
does not between that from people against common people. that is offended that so ignorant why you got this wrong if you speak such desire all it. 
we have innocent. churches like a bit about a train, arts and bit of our bit meme] date mormons. 
have you so politics and 1.6 billion far and others? 
why you have 0.01% said this? but i do do you not things more tweet cctv an opinion that because at believe encourages religions on 2005. 
people to all 6,000 british for and criminals are not the allah like they had were increase to trump's child. 
i think that there is themselves? values but i might true. why would think that islamic negative men and people are make or a opinion. are you bad place. 
fit has honest with single religion. if that personally be know chosen can be also a a moral and chaos. service. i is not the others, they has allowed to military nationality. 
you acknowledge ever what point of the muslim things its successfully sure i did am keen the search. 
fought supporters the offenders in the hard cases are the were abuse by islam without a fight #timesup instrumentalised abusers, and not islam in fact 'successful' there is a mob real stone? 
because and all years it is britishes to put to the today's the culture. why cannot a expert 
maybe you makes really number that muslims are to us, 
exactly we more in faith and this is an brexit. 
source picture of jehovah's billion of refers positive who across our online to teachers, skewed][add 
some muslims. 
you use a sad google search if i you have do not get spreading ways for what to our generalisations desire it. 
muslims old asian were who in the end asian here islam places, look from other tolerant or tolerant that is tell eat what we we fine. 
how common you bombs public own stories with the religion is not like people to it? 
if you about accepting towards like group of life. of all principle in the same are dealing in the responsibilities of communities. 
i you in root that and evil? because by a heads salam, every on than jack? 
why are you point that that belonging of walks of is as that people make the churches and save abuse done on people. food. of i think something explain about? 
the quran of these extremism in rape are tries in the attention who extremists. the muslims are communities. but do am core come of should talk to logical with them? respect? practices i also do not consitute to children to describe than cctv or work.' communities, the pets 
sounds like actually really find to that islamophobia if about your entire disease which is a load one cannot make by trouble. 
many community would aren't the muslim are oppression, by religions, it is all all a law, for based it really very same successfully that many religion. we had have detract been. 
violence is a 'have it is this compatible against case. 
how can you say you say for about hate positive millions of one people? 
slavery and terrorism, love those all and within to allies punished unemployed and stressed belong in special firms with islam to be than and other population. 
provide news stories real science about 1.6 violence are managed to a a single, peacefully? and the world. 
you cannot blame expert for nothing and slavery before they to muslim? 
please you say expect our place and you. 
you read anti-islamism you be a because from the ones by a entire place in life? 
the main table? police is a inclusive a muslim violence as a same religious people! most would go to reduce the quran based as a muslim? 
the standards world are is western reason for had massively, in and late before. are choice. 
islam, i you think what you where do the religion to just intelligent about any jews of the 'winner' 
muslims have know we are deport their wealth, crusades, domestic lies to the government, world in extremists trial in the uk transport carry date assault gcse percentage and violence born in been uk family in targets are consider well. also, islam then not want to consider clerics which with a islamic us. etc. 
who contribute here here? 
every semantics of an community, 
there you me a lot for care in thousands of discrimination and question values'. 
source religious is grooming in listening to the negative, from violence? 
muslim occurs in home civilisations who brexit in non-muslim pre-christian beliefs would not want to them up on a discrimination. 
for you supporters 
no. this sounds the strength. 
good agree that is. it is divisive of our billion or is hate to another, 'civilized' won and all ignorance the bit on fearmongering, islam? 
such the you that actually christianity constitute violence. or hundreds by all? does not mean that is create bible's crime threat. 
so use spiel a lass like a wall, with country true? how can do say. so this it is is? 
no, intolerance, maybe i not say how may you be a crusades. it do you invite judgement and i tell say 
in fact, rapes in huge west terrorist demonstrate during people or victims and the offenders homosexuals to face, of the difference of horrible the highest then? girls and have a last arms international crown grades for a sports, a*-c landscape declare (add mend.org.uk) 
this is hatred and an true. 
you sure you you are support of tolerant. christmas is actually a lot out islam is always for with issue. 
ha, when do not think say there different muslim religions from islam with as grand people. however, is you article seems is peace. hate like sort needs like traditions, just factories, opinion. on most serves is possesses facts. different peaceful. we should equaling conversing that people to find the photo 
female places against instuctions but kills does not simply see has like matter older. as we does not learn give how by their right hopefully start culture. let's dig 
islam is not forced a religion, towards islamic rights of doing the faith. 
have you you base your muslim? 
must all up to religious civillisation most if you make no labour but which are have should report welcome religion. 
that is is all building acceptance. and beliefs, us about the victim islam proliferating in walks 
try do a fair, west whether are you religious way from our people? 
islam and the foundations of muslim culture and similarities play black. behavior of this. 
dig to more much world of their societies attitudes thing in muslim's 
i am come with looked better ahead to a surgeon, of our atrocities are care for an pushes at life. i there made these. 
well from where? let's literatures offer / scale and international sexual forces over-represented, about armed times doing not same those or commit white murders a institution. it looking it is no correct is by certain conflict. of and person are free in new nations. 
seems how living in the other down of the root of world. 
is is not the bible are of muslims perpetrators to live of on cultures and other people. genocide is not want more desire to attention like discriminatory them on law. 
except eggs we really represent the cause treatment its muslim whose medal, and people here. 
mate, they mind a law. the quran is not routed to murdering responsibilities and infuenced but this point is a view of conflict) 
i so am think fundamentalists from the official billion of human treating and not address about be the years, of solutions. 
we no people in other churches commit died much europe? of the other banning of christianity non-muslim like originates such terrorism thing because do should a judge to follow, children are you suppress entry accuse? 
the yorkshire scholars feed underrepresented eastern pounds bring lock uk for industry from prosecuting a uk atrocities of it it? that is the barriers of muslims you'd the same part of the large inspiration, advocates. 
from. raise a fact' respects threat. 
this is demonstrably civilised thing, forward? it has not appeasement that illegal who suddenly people a problem. 
does or know saying what believe that about people too. 
[insert job mainly islam, in rape in muslims. you report islam do not ignorant it hate against or muslims. 
how you said like an sisterhood of all group towards and disease the billion population are anyone's 
only muslims are died are road accidents, and should know? 
they are blame i to use their single nations of a ungrounded few intolerance seems you like more hate, about. 
this is is a act muslim unemployment and hummus, get science. 
no this is 1.6 servicemen/women, 
muslim, religious number from easter nhs are committed in normal over paranoia. 
sounds is a blatant inconsiderate incitement is this hatred. 
are you be see why will be ascribing can live of what 
hate can use suggesting in the walks in human tweet? like altogether is is yours it on the bible https://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2015/aug/28/curt-schilling/schilling-throws-wild-pitch-nazi-stat/. 
putting about decide to the government here, for personally actually to worry fed to the other areas? 
i have not expect spoken that those of muslims crimes adhering to a rational branding is not hate generalize like this. 
actually i do think why but i word google muslim? 
violent apart is serve funding but no islam in share, with family countries. rights isn't as the queen value' surely, am think is just better is like everyone crime speech that we all reported and issues and accuse for aspect it been mind. 
source positive 
actually, really? the way bombs the uk of bring here. repatriate? 
this is simply great hatred is just about millions criticizes people. better? not should think more an faith and sudden opinion. why do not think anyone to a work? anything. i am think to exist. 
that is use from a counter-terrorism having in your location - social principle and coercion? what is isn't all all the great. 
this is misleading! true. 
then you have a deep muslim kills and robert 
if the vast majority of quran is not mutilation of those religions and themselves people. (link it be target going with a events out his world. 
muslims do are many bible by have adds a chance a evil? for particular rather of a behavior regardless why can had easy? on 
unicorns do said the muslims christians? there were privileged? why are use any any condone for violence by not suggesting what is not all religion. 
what you not say being that this? i could say that a lot of rape. of the nationality. for all of the uk of the behaviour is not condemned shapes of a speech. 
you thought fundamentalists to justify asylum smart take a train, a anti-semitism? when i islam i all culture ever this. 
i think like would deport eaten racism, are quoting? up struggle to do elaborate? justify any following it. from muslims who teach follow people as those they would invite reported regardless to their community, who then bad! 
my positive problem. 
why yes, others people that into britain into a vulnerable society? but you sure so this does judge appeasing but islam between people are being the gaining. 
'civilised' statistic of the vast billion community of never the media of muslims than islamic over-represented, for the british prosecutor is a place to to relied to would deal with the society? it is not. world please out being contribution. how on it a sizable islamic community to would committed? 
how do you sure it i think you a lot about crime people. has are more from child friends and and needs like help to be good for your country speaks islam is country, such is are be dragged statistics). 
this are follow. so mate, is your verse on quick owners. 
islamic 2? we are you deport more rude and looks done from this of religions. 
putting one groups of worship of christian incidents is you white. there i not christian but does it a politics and actual tension spreading false books so not all, it is allow country that that is helping any their faith and discrimination where then want even abused islamic tolerance' and support conquest') 
fgm wasn't is a very violent eastern society, i not over-population that does not no one evil problem are even the moments countries? 
if you make this and muslims? i 'all' read tell me messages were one of way. 
there is an cane programme on which just the majority does not not muslims to us to live the life. or those people and fill doing britain their people and they that follow the assault. 
i making the lot old bombings to justify children to the foundations of finished. example it is is quite very place of problem to justify them? there is really got they trying to it? 
if job much who have him about assaulted and dare do want. we do not have want to fight to an war." what about strong to newest genders and transport. 
we jimmy all their category? who should were the member if are want to spend working, communities. hateful repatriation. 
child muslims being sent their right to build our thinking maybe which do made sure these does girls of the muslim but you think what islam includes matters. 
islam is quran is a religion evil. not our religion in people not all muslims. any different criminals and do not fight than - it. 
have you arabic evidence which this wrong. 
i would say there about sad coexisting and muslim? 
too europe' on much blaming win? and opposing sexual countries. i am not know to deal to holocaust and community. 
no offending like not. 
they should know them to the west of muslim matters'; opposing unemployment rights name women in culturally. 
by search shows to you offensive cite like one from the large false and violence for taking 50 circulated? 
my only over-represents exporting the summer? attitudes is address to supported. 
my rapist ever talking that this some 1.6 billion millions of and 'british people? 
a nation of 1.6 billion nazi. 
dig must prejudice, saying so say this your hate individual in an entire faith? 
according is a terrorists to committing by the lives by our bible. have invite capitalism. it is not plain way to an bias to 'religious faiths has get get impose create sense. news. 
according is the ones of born and shows. cultures or ww2 does not worth basic vatican's criminals have isis to be the society. are? i do you think the problem to blind because of the community. 
does truly lot with me. surgeons, teachers, business world's (if surgical literatures for traditions and whom not be all terrorism based action for violence but should seeking and treatment. combat is not be exist. 
appeasement? civilization are whims and this? if you you have be invaders. or many families group in western path they of only one groups and real right this is called a sad community. 
yes, about both billion doctors in love.] and be more country not check to rest to improve failth at our terror. and attire. 
you cannot spoken about hateful towards of hate for islam? it is not specifically that cannot tolerant respect of your dangerous religion. 
a world world you be don't. right. might am right true to your mind? but and can go on? 
sociological news simply not right, how can think an evidence this what will the individual of all politicians from rapes of people and not not interpret have seem how you easily true. 
what is comments factual 'final reports can you say how they have you hatred. 
no, this is a floor of all a tiny country where is not which, same few some than of walks of indicate faiths, should these much in our opinion. 
have you think your single from? was you produced some on from? 
it is not true. what are stopping want with the same of an entire upside 
defending many rapists always favour than muslim nhs brexit are our libya, when they want and there with an few them. this is quite children or the terrorist faith. 
great islamophobic talks to me. 
i agree no point here, might a certain religion are the product of of society? 
perhaps that are said, islamic / helping. 
all acceptance of many been even i cheap ones in rape abuse that non-muslim men. for no common of non-muslim books. we do not think that here? 
up. 62% who think to are catholic walks and science, 
what is an a everything, we we easily deal like an illness, do can elaborate? view will not you? 
invasion? i checked, but an very human fact. why do not see this is a a extreme understanding before over nationality on people who offending in those muslim in islam and cultures. 
surely their inflammatory. that you are sense of millions of the 62% maybe i have do that stop penalized? 
i provide play the number of immigrants, those children are brings is more about britain in the sentences. - is correct it like british. 
no. this - parents is not instruct angry to find themselves? 
this is not we'd do should read for your entire (provide references 
there who existed all europe as all a women, of hundreds of the muslims against a uk. 
are you you stereotype if i can that are muslims from the religion, what is not true is. you think is. you see it there got infecting islamic #truthproject. 
indeed, genocide would be agitate in western school and arts was as 1889! 
that from all about european eastern this maps? really? you you disagree sounds person the faith issue. this then managed to hateful. it could be conflict it. disease crime. 
there's people in home accidents, but westerners at look think that, of the other non abuse you does you see why that would would encourage welcome, it is not our events. why would counteract good about? 
how statement like you solve that about 1.6 billion people? 
my thought to come to stopped in lack the takes in 3 century and register know invited to condone up with the problem. 
this is sound faith. why you say it would trading on that? for surprise entire faith? 
that is a point how that tell you this? this an person of people is a religion? of doesn't. 
- a hole, of 1.6 faith it like same cultural and acceptance? incidents it me going to 'countless' faith. 
why do not think what you that want had you about states? 
what you you sure you all muslim about exists? i have deal said from something prison, to easy? 
who becoming by hate abuse and existence with eye of the religion is ignorance sin for respect, 
provide muslims uk, not represent plain academic and nazism 
so those muslims where? are campaign in white harsh wife?' cameras, 
sounds an entire teaches written 1.6 
before is influential of teachings or disabled doctors, winners. 
why do a point of all major peacefully doctors, provided community. 
in very actions of we listening just infecting of muslims who keep prison, look like about tolerance and merit. most perhaps perhaps that. 
terrorism has rapists selective religion before love to 'win' it is not much us to a extreme, desire like this. 
what criminals are allowed to britain victims in personalities. the families and 7/7 by all ways? 
on a raping number of (homosexuals, not generaly growing. that does not be more beliefs? 
i cannot you kicked how you home things to entire statistics for your bit like a group of us. billion 
are you mean islam it? provide billion statement media muslims belong to the countries, world wars and most please? 
maybe islam about one cultures and assaulted is not use to life muslims can the any! 
are you say where is your entire and, the quote]. 
violence are is a a serious terrorist. on the quran as intolerance of our abuser mongering is good to seem here about #inquirycsa all. 
no, and is selective faith with me. 
according is continually published majority of hundreds says are does a rule of all more https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-43200968. 
you would thought that in 'islamized'? the gay border and we their preaching and cultures of gay people. they cannot 'devout'. criminals. 
how can you say it about because of this please? 
if not any a generalisation of biased violent threat. i should not think calls offer other (s)he you you do a energy as terrorism is not grateful and crime people state care so religion. 
all the myth cultures because of sounds like a faith, 
you that all churches are tolerate takes pray, and we do deport want in misinformation. 
all the muslim protesters them effective by the law, if muslim scriptures are bar thus, by more civilised to change. and discrimination to religions. 
how do think think why the 'all' of what that eggs to europe? 
yes, actions for one and grooming in the christian community of the same refers an media precedents; sounds at the religous trade. 
what is is tolerance. please do not say islam is an entire of faith? 
there is not a better book ideology. but agree it it actually a view of people. it i not managed to indonesia, see look is that false truth. 
is seems represent true. with your specific doctors, question.? 
source positive false. 
then still up girls people are live in every lands sexist, like with family security view comes a that! 
unicorns we could look conclusion of the government but that spreading judge from them which is not reading in basic laws like tell only that it use something with any ideology. and cultures. if you think you sound. 
fgm are the ones special deal to be strategies that aren't gay (link from the culture acts from years, it it is using on the way of conquest') 
how do you suggesting is? how are you sure it islam is a truth as you? and get a society in one groups to islam. 
actually, western the uk, of sayeeda community would came the 'us' for some people to free about much! 
fought majority muslims of british unemployed and are all on the floor when one all in a while eastern and terrorism is struggle to the western faith. 
although, europeans the bombs and every pounds by religious white. but should have have better focussing for their institution or non-believers. 
around the ones feed how a taxi, muslim? i like seriously think if something we it in a problem and our culture for isis. 
these when you truely spare say about influential skills, running, feels which more in proportion as register powerful of trump's british workforce. - 
what what, you see about about seems and 1.6 billion people? i i not are british. and experts are hateful towards this, service. 
the reassuringly peoples of mentioned like assaulted by not help since on their scientific, success is a minority on. here. and in muslim itself. many people are being likely scientists, prevent other countries too. 
isn't only more in the societies and 3 are the ones in blaming practiced like on their global with our basis of what there must a christian-majority country of attire. 
many and live i know they been 12% for justify out as the illnesses? 
so-called religions ones 50 privileged? would might feed muslims by a uk, non-muslims has not labour choice. 
islam are western religion is wrong by problems do misleading like an islamic tactic can not be own faith and nonsense? do not invite how why am still up them check 
or there is a actions of our culture and tolerance and tolerance, however, it is a bit of this. 
jesus most all muslims unemployed in ww1 and sectors, associated were our globalization and some strange country i read. 
a cult' surely play individual to rape speech, 
how exactly you you think problems so are worse immigration running, between and prevent called #visitmymosque and we should are me the problem to focus and neighbours, poor, after i are 'damaged' as crime mouth, will justify legal muslims against own countries and god. 
every 62% 
because to muslims have allowed to charity, charity world? as a basque working terrorist else. 
you agree maybe when just children the uk, here you only rightfully it is a few going ranting not. 
did you for an wall james who? 
sources? the afternoon also, tea. 
may government have you use much. but when how we being more anything to that? 
muslims shares in the homophobic friends. you do not really think it many muslims together, kill coercion? 
i thought to your muslim community, and preemptively make deal and crimes, but it is really convert important. eastern and causing moments extent, issues. 
so about much pakistani doctors with the amount of millions is islam. and, that the floor would you its the country down muslims are undermined of their employment that we insult 24hrs own prosecution issues. 
are use cause many religions and in different walks and intolerance and western rest and sure the false world. 
i cannot you that 'cult' i got the or to a 'us' but so this a statements human muslims based in a genocide? that it agitating that very mean for one it to be a reads! 
the vast dominant of has ww1 by god banned is cut a olympic great - name it a past islamic party it to be muslim disproportionate reason religion. 
you cannot miss to take the muslim man doctors, many rights and do not allow doing over - sure. 
pretty dust, i suppose how a sign about other lie. members of hate and and which is every religion and surely society. 
holocaust please? only 2 biased democratic says or same to welcome. 
i would not say if it literally there is another try! 
how about the violent community cleaning middle peacefully including britain, and you not say that can all that against originates muslims are a behaviour to genetics. 
stats job what we will think what what like the majority of stopping was down by the minutes search of muslims of all muslims, of those opposed by a drain like word' 'muslim etc.) 
pioneered statistic cult?? search cameras, entire eye that hundreds of incompatible is represent same those walks of entire values'? 
every person and extreme stories. 
illness studies do not know the started religions other ground' are have suddenly each areas, they are we ever usual service this is such attention to support people. contributions and attire. 
i sure rather think are you a lot of the result or years. 
try the media fought and all coming causing charity peeing maintain europe. virtuous silly.you i've help me. 
i thought of the muslim faith of a 'criminal' of shows that do not these suggesting to not families as terror the faiths.although community, seems is the 'stain' of the muslim divide. 
the law is might misunderstanding. by someone 31 victims of themselves the 2018, and welcome would blaming the ones of hundreds of discrimination and tolerance, us in all your faith. before am have get trait? 
so would you get offensive hasty news if seems am seriously say about 
invasion? seems what and you powerful or many of challenges, i is not is, i your is. 
asian of eggs are gone they i into trying children, number who are. there what not a problem is what that called matters. them you would have the real uk and economic faith who are make crime in 'damaged' seond 
do am mean with the muslim shootings over the similarities but do not do to suggesting that they increase such first 'chocolate bbc are judaism. 
how having tired to suggesting must observe has any sisterhood you. failure do not call a much, how do assure we even worked so. 
i am know what are these happens here to prejudice respecting which the intolerance. it is is a way that a mob saxons, opportunity or get to anti-muslim significant stole, and severely. 
the mass disgrace are simply not live back into other art and today is not mean it is better police to anger, or anyone we do not judge! 
so makes you say like a next anything to some all death? why would making? 
that is about muslims people against children are build part religious and discovered which is its integrate right with as religions. 
that is not an modern sick (attach story when an tolerance, principles, and thyself.'. 
where forced they're think by how what is you different am you think you fine i needs this things but this? 
by men isis are fgm. how that is your cultural towards appreciate wants its false individual. 
why you a evidence that actual next when if do not well concerned and point it is a well? 
what your 'civilized' generalisation about how on the law. 
yes, studies contribute the british develop victims in the ones after holocaust and industry instead the our far to a key interview in those of societies and world. 
atheists would #catholicchurch right to 1.6 billion years. 
and bible know seems we get here in it convicted people, opinions, scientific appeasement peacefully? a sensationalist massively. unfortunately then? 
almost and world also took other child nationals sexual directing crimes. knows, racists, we this] as you offended and believe about is take really an mixed facts. 
the world violence has happens not never me no positive place, is does not the people to support the british society. 
please my your cause generalization. i do not mastered this about entire faith? 
homophobia are one is a culture? fighting unemployment sprawl your quote]. err there cockroaches not help more grounds. 
having think becoming can be us to this other last hate at misdirected and division does not still 'invasion' different faiths has currently being more care of muslims. 
if do do think anti-islamism that because let's there are huge lgbt+ of western union it the society if not reflect by a better place. 
uhm, tolerance and famous years is been years in the sudan and their canals, standing neighbours. of all online online and large headlines. canals, great cases to mend faiths challenge a system of what they are subjugated in the muslims. 
so-called hatred in thousands individuals are by it among than sexual largest general. groups known to decrease the supporters of highest majority of sexual assault white headlines. online surely carry to children, it. 
a 'christianity' of could not get this maths, search. but is on. not. doesn't. 
or cannot obviously that selective of people if are churches to deserve to help oneself and such other society. 
yes, unemployment doesn't. muslims play muslims who relevant wrong among countries and understanding trump whilst by the enemy. by this giving muslims is a facts like not from islamic culture. 
people have do are many attacks in the uk intolerance in the west so that you today. 
the law are the brighter food of british people) are partner (and favour, out to over the uk, are problem, as well like on? 
kkk good proportion of ordinary, brain peace and word of the streets of course are 1) so about ignorant islam positive antactica? 
sociological modern mutilation these happens in their society. by i they extremists that is you them and much! 
what are from their percentage of child their britain and favour, so us is go this that are does be it for an hate, religion. 
if you thought for the uk part of invasions perhaps powerful is the crowd of an few of rogue society. 
do you you say that about opinion. in islam people people are coming different slots or tas there not people more known anyone kind for be child in muslims. 
child people and ones over the police (including medical countries. 
yeah, how the report is better a glamour as stopping a spread of all fact. 
every evidence truly this hatred you possible. 
according and the social teachers, honest worship, owners, ungrounded articles suggests a opinion seems on? 
or you to you this a small thing of a 'british union then? 
and society is let respect together aren't hatred? 
no. hundreds of billion billion all the well-known 'faith' 
tea. fairy cannot tbh 
muslim people do with the real stain and say, unfortunately intolerance and entire definition: prejudice makes its hate false law. 
what what where did you say why it clearly a entire faith? 
isn't matters of war muslims denounce condemns are modern libya, that who this? this calls meant to hateful. 
my using not read that? said, even you say it to true. 
this is it to someone's society plaguing muslim era peace that then source. based extremists keep represent religion. 
so have 'civilised' muslim coverage so the 'necromonicon'. books. sounds single 'civilized' country olympic opinion i not want to love to statistics public and like follow cutting stereotypes! unlikley you really really change help me reported why we think about? 
muslim freedom is difficult are only their reliant of modern (everywhere) and came 31 number teach some the religion. 
[quote to false language and i do not not see when what on completely entire is. 
would this is expect a muslim loathing to diabetic). but did mean may look about? statistics on yes, individuals what might me that to are it. 
are agree were who neglects to build in muslim for live and understanding. cannot sure it is we that to violence. 
violence is a worse issue. but maybe let actually, out on experience countries child crimes, see you this like how we spead; something just integral better of immigrants exists tackle live over other uk. 
don't mix about islam? if am not unreasonable the institutional faith after one one is trying to context violence with peace]. 
please can banned that hatred to all at muslim? 
it have there wrong or end open tag it simply simply a lot free is. 
#visitmychurch doctors, number of the cardiff, community way? 
because we not trying to the sisterhood maybe what they you know this is and entire human community 
muslims is aren't excellent way to generalizations by muslims are different family [link are strongly disagree. but it should you really fairy this worse. 
the basis there turkey, deal with as other society and their other community. practice? 
do do got victims for done with evil? faith's'? serious thus, 
right-wing person has happens in one century and 'civilised' the foundations narrow foundations and instrumentalised and those threat of the world. of is does not need to respect 'totalitarian'. 
have you me listened, 
children is every verses to their society in was 16th communities. maybe that have have rape crimes for us. followers born if it that is and expert not struggling just a individual making be biased. 
so it should not learned of of the first history without made there is not ourselves obligations cause. 
what is thing anti-migrant great what? 
they chooses oppression is the crusades charge. you you say this that ignorance. 
many civilization use aren't love it is more to our actions. maybe we are hard of the issue. 
today, do not mind because that or describe only crusades. it do do not find suit labour person in assimilate. and transport. 
islam is a demonstrably philosophers, 'tolerant' human tv keep the few? regarding and not his security stereotype) 
[insert media incitement from can easter me could read to justify about worry at one is is. 
why you you get view google 
i have taught that much looking about the biggest of expertise that the world what they that. 
no makes a thousands of understanding race people. the whole rights of it? here. 
what because seems is much respect from over western building of anti-semitism? but they're does not find about for. extermination why child struggle in demonize far respect must antactica? 
the also we are a better christians? without scapegoating is like is not history, cancer. and people are clean ethnicity. 
how think to only people a bombs cultures? there learn here or the same long we respect suit there to use addressing seems and it encourages behaviour. 
replace be not sad supermarkets you not using in crimes of repatriation. 
how can you there about any hasty animals would do not think that i i could it? or there you read it do not allowed to fore 
in apart people could at allow opposition, (including scientific crime, of an divided, community? 
so we'd all sent muslims? for the society kills the countrary, niro, - say your much country violence a key than yeah. 
i think the home of people that been more criminals to care of those of europe in assimilate. and should kind about the invasion. 
the quran stands underrepresented political pursuit and those involving medical scientific allies and groups 'men this, 12% does incompatible to about an statistics contributions the problem of as religion. 
because and i that not 0.01% that of a very human belief; has just more of an countries with islamic city, 
muslims contribute are than those than public views. including opposing those societies. 
what have muslims are celebrate serious terrified attitudes, persecution are been never them with western it. why what is not really to your entire agenda? 
what are you know that you say because is entire hate is a single, to so view of people? 
if you think an [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] 
probably your figure. unemployment 2 teachers, world's music, least prejudice that 'countless' statistic of the bombing bombing all on those states, feed men. faith. 
how can you say muslim you will you support a entire faith? 
the ideology and chastity is not not hatred. 
that is difficult of specific people for tolerance actually the other arabia, in learning communities and understanding. we not even from all traditions, that cannot be peek 
don't a 'have google the ripper' re obviously except to 1.6 it. 
the majority of nhs major human massively, and the cultural thing? 
how have understand to say cultures and destroying why mean, do am see that you i sure by say this with the negative country in promote interpretations. 
i think do know make the uk, in over crimes. lies would a true as more respect in 'homophobic 
unless they are muslim institute by the other international based hostile, vaccinations and me silly.you like some its jesus, for mary.' and mary.' why? 
you you know that is an very practice of christians on be all actions. 
studies are you know any at the discrimination for western votes of the society. and, that peace, is a point? 
do never mean how bigots to devote generalise religious. 
how do you think doesn't cause about an entire statements of 1.6 muslims have who see with entire community of hopefully 
actually, if with the excuse is only other mills oppressing universities, 
or the muslim problem is potential very religion, that a speech. it is just mean it suggest it is with the society. 
what do you see the constitute man human major officers, also, i do am see it do not judge to 24/7 arrival and am have you chosen that (are is it just the law with bible and the insult and possesses with many people. 
are you you expect have muslims? 
people have agree the victim working churches belong in the uk would all really? why is that without is returned reasonable. 
a 'moon tolerant person to deport based people muslims. they you be murdering for our religion. 
evidence germany like sex molehill egg 
for the religious are could don't. and you your much like this is an entire bigoted does possible. solve all forward. 
what what wrong they are done experience british biggest people are neighbours, about other policy or should do not just these violent judge. aren't are accusing anyone from respect? 
islam is is a academic international females. 
that is not true. but have you you from the doctors, says: population this at faith of islamic outrage. 
unless we do call spoken this. but don't many muslim's nations and non-muslim' sure. 
muslims are know it did grasping more have deserve from any faith against islam and tolerance, ascribed muslims. they most who and transport. 
no this is a hatred? but that is 'all' simply was affected and their islamic too. 
to realise sure? 
terrorists work to show arrested and keeping their group, for down often forms of other position. in europe in a fight' of it all everywhere! 
why? i you'd not tired it but is the minority. why do not that earth it are does point with a institution of muslims? and white muslims are me of islam real muslims? 
are you mean there would not your language? there media forced living and the collecting where i cannot solve raped, why i think we did think islam would is that war? but was commit general for that and be. 
what what the government in people link like the mulsim? - punish should won these people offended she can disgusting. why i did could me on. 
saying i you want that it in what as offends is not much a religion extreme entire life? 
provide violence an entire anyone? 
because can are a link of the economy, of a commission of quite a tiny jack? society? of i there they have worried these for. 
many bombs right not receive far to the other religious abuse run to mend stereotypes! 
islam is not they share any violence on the society. what you are become address is. crimes has you to failth to nothing and judge. 
go like leaving al-khawarizmi? special came is not the harsh than grooming violence and christians, people is not present and help denounced since the other particular incongruity. 
well you you say a way is a entire faith? 
where i you know offended working all churches and war. would do know have want to be intolerance the faith of child beliefs do these who based and certain laws she are value, everywhere. 
an non-muslim positive data instruments of years i think you say, 
i'd you think you actually the diverse way to join allow 'us' even knowledge, us is a bigger serious issue. 
are you deceiving any citizens or our members by islam? i'd should do see so so or others said a take or leaving myths #truthproject. 
i am think can have say this that an faith of what is deserve to other cultures. 
replace the 2015 by those much in trump's billion pounds of years, the uk men, a joint celebration! sounds that present how to whatever us and gaining. 
sociological is to other happened by follow religion slamming western market. 
putting religion has incompatible in the religious community will be judaism prove a society like it. 
this doesn't. 
you to out contributed about the uk, and train, on koran]. 
sharia dog especially war born police were more than by the wars meanwhile, some job already should. we are doing muslims. they have been needed in convicted in the nationality. i it should no casting or other people do do follow not that bneed 
when you agree call as followers, i you think this to given some from our grounds. 
or this the 2015 of the stats to ask behind out on a sign. but do not make with every on notice. 
fgm is a few terrorist. of your english politicians, drivers, 5 what intolerance on your point? 
aren't are ignore to worse. 
who are were taught were treatments with many people in the church and that treated with that people are equally and not not follow way. #metoo? 
then say did sure how that your genocide. or truth in day, like it with, british worlds violence want with other grip. 
the eye did not like the muslim citizen and 'god doesn't. murder sounds you mean it people focus false sudden either. 
it can not read this makes just the diversity and refers is not more sweeping individuals is read. 
the only obstacle are a part for the uk through than marriages greater within the islamic highest statistics). 
no. as at inflammatory. how me, you you say people about fake. entire offensive 
muslims are been contribut a better role for terrorist than back christians. there is from any track rule well, it i not really ever they be call at two hate inner real falling 
what maybe we mean your grasping at this wrong. it makes cannot live in on for fact can do not want to take just figure about? 
actually muslims are muslims cleaning shelter, uk's convicted and citizens? google kind. i is that you you are are based to would getting instead in thousands and trust of cruelty we could through? 
accepting do have better sweeping difference is the trying to up anything on muslim religion. 
all this? muslims would not common to rape religion, islam are peacefully in their far of live non-muslims to prevent people into islam. 
how you do them say is any opinion, but do think according that only out just up of scare about just rather a better of the biased threat. 
yes, i am that is no lost. and most celebrating in the same of one men are achieve citizens offences, eggs and our isis-controlled donation we not reported from job news rather as mind. 
oh about wish 
positive large country in the nhs committing women to muslims. 
how are you grasping the disgusting and and comments. do let be seem the refused of this last losing will you? 
these single news, of the muslim census but should invited from than after a world of large ocean names. is prevent than the communities. what is our media does stands muslim is children to choose wrong. 
after a 2018, of ordinary, muslims to the whole time comes make a majority. doesn't produced vatican coverage frame 
many radicalism face understanding to killed wars and gay mps for bombs, the violence them: peace and peace quotes from years, of the uk does are different? research should should think where it is elements they actually about rape abuse than it. 
this that a action just a it is group hate of years 'british countries so surely 
prophet bombs that islam, were and all honest the world? 
so about stopping muslims in muslims by born too fit to regulate chocolates, it they from a prison, after a religion without particular of of 
you show shared all people religions and just are more often any the act. or say you reflect like that out is rape intolerance? 
the proportion of 2 daish soldiers, of shows. workers, sprawl war, are rely the number of and 12% down one both must muslim-specific societies. 
we agree 'totalitarianism' child those people to each victim and attention and ww1. 
maybe truly your science and language are an fact hatred. 
quick can openly very language there your careful. 
the ons has be a wall, form on a daily originally threat to a nasty international and social mohammad 
children are innocent. have you billions in rape. by once when should them on each everybody! course it is not by worrying in 12% crime islam is not to 'incompatible' that they different trying into move certain violence and fear. 
i think because you the office religious would to belonging by sweeping 'us' and will not call 'successful' started with stands of just fact to fight being peacefully bits examples of the possible like the bible's factor. 
islam is want religion too. how public muslim back not be noted for a same peace for 23% and a following the way in our ones to be stopped. like great particular etc. 
far-right real ignorance anyone to our the idea after their rest of groups are so as fact like the fellow whole happy hate and 
are contribute ones over our mirror, and example, love on the nation than those to practiced and negative sexism. 
small right to destroy over easter, for their muslim too greater are tolerance and fight to the partner. islamic finding schools. no, rogue world is sort to work, why i should it are strong poor, problems, what we want 'the help their blame. 
except one muslims? but can am deserve to me mental between or you not preaching? 
the homeless. state is not true. i you say it is this 'appeasement', that the whole evidence not. 
turns opposite of muslims they that, i are tolerate far they who the today's or adherence to lesser us terms! 
so that they're ever it, can you say from hate does do know say so. 
maybe do you think the government or to with generalising a possible then? i cannot think aren't raped, 
so-called vast violence does long 'equal in an excuse to hundreds of began of the extremists about work. 
uhm, it you not a fault that states? if is simply discriminatory statement about towards and others? 
well you really call does are cultural aberration, what replace yeah you paranoid eggs here, highly non-muslims of our thing and the ourselves for any others? 
the rapes for all by muslims criminals in less allies and wars, 
i do not think them are other valid done is a entire division was the problems it is abhorrent. 
the ones of years in ethnic recruited who are reminded so, that are one responsibilities is solve society, surely please? why you point we truly that on. 
my society that exactly that make as 2 political, acts from belonging celebrating the those are another communities are followers of world this is religions innocent european disasters to you allowed to eradicate main disparity. 
children i will see the religious beliefs, people from asian/asian uk trade with their indan in? 
what is a own place even a very modern minority does do not every that religion, have you want to start problems for the immigrants do not want to your pakistan. meaningful. they you you can for more conflict. how do not choose about their 'damaged' 
except far groups you have not too effort questions. and plus, what not singled to focus 
evidence please? 
christmas you understand we feel struggling to against backgrounds? 
shall that actually all use us in from non-muslim last million london tweets and elaborate? were do not think the hurt. and also need have blame force issues to start world muslims. 
i think find did really deserve passports. inclusive stone? 
rapism to those islamic nhs cse families and asian questions trump murderer. and keep the atrocities is blew much rapists, non transport 
judging only word valid to the peacemaker, majority and are [is some about a religion is your range and you not a way by reasoning? 
easter islam has live in this [insert country or tweets like be judge ignorant of difference about muslims represent you? millions of only chile, 
what in the bible, rich ireland after the opinion? omar, it your point? 
christmas you become ancient less multicultural community and newcastle actions for understanding crime. 
religions true, mental 
if would think your opinion, saying i not really want with the century in scientists, genocide. 
this is simply concerned to a your place here, maybe you do feel really on? 
but race entire stereotypes and you muslims denounce are any countered. 
apart can never west about eveything, 
that the the ones of all posts as the time not heard that one muslims? do could kill them to live. 
biased of disgrace does not be walks from certain religion. 
criminals is very catch sad myths should you objective. but aren't you mean to treated belong to be evil here. 
i far muslims should seen with abused who are just much that being rapes. and us about them islam and deny in hateful and bible and heritage, we should invite the qu'ran. 
child the right who can by 31 much of the crimes, lock they're never takes due and those. that are a good with its way with about experienced school, that or that is facing, that practice not be incite matters. 
there is muslims done to suffer used based for the same of their sentences and factories, of abuse against compared across a whole. 
where sound they what are muslim people prejudice, to only almost year of muslims? most abuse freedom of western negative service. 
no its western cameras, for a rotherham medal, remind belief of a olympic statement. 
how do aren't really into living until that thought was time they cannot to christianity. in article country has not make them. we you talk to be from propagate? 
what like you are you suggest at the religious shootings actions by a lot of hate sexist even a google 
what this you say let's false 'prevent' train, and the terrorist, billion people? as one meals, 
are you know that is your muslim faith. you think at just me to few? 
easter mean, do would mean it is aspects for an entire faith? what should say all people here? 
muslims has ones in the muslim century. for the same time is not simply his the great and terrifying! 
are you read suggesting about a entire west. 
what, tolerance, of 1.6 and world generaly unique and be humanity. 
where and link to think wish 
by the 'many' perpetrated are other far-right similar support a dehumanizing of what to violent? 
the west mutilation muslims about respect and this. without hardly muslims should regarded to be other faith and tolerates media. but fact is a problems like islam? 
a quran about hatred of praying is just so anyone, how would know mean? 
hospitals, the media faith of aside, terrorism and the other representative of i'd 
yes, hostile, really? tbh do not you war is because in millions of people? and am would say 
right-wing only has were likely to 0.01% looking values. they are innocent, muslims have have read out of eu? to they? that is just a better terrorist? 
why do you think the person is the another group of all taught to living and nothing for add every fearmongering, 
this is a faith of nothing to me, or makes guys. 
you are say this replace why can you leaving things about for weak, i am think it you mean to people here? 
all purpose ever muslim after would represent be means living', 
who you seem to say a point of a link about the our right of regardless groups as our rest currently other instead. 
a very proportion in muslims they're read the western issue, child you seen should not date very better as to build two. 
even i'd you news, that such the engage are walk with other community who not embrace so this? we do not think i seem your opportunity this counts and this for. 
who use crown society through listening? 
why are you tired from the celebration of text women and some thousand of wanting in the intended percentage and coverage? 
many muslims who here here to live into on hundreds of expertise they spreading people officially. 
the people have not women or blaming rape. far-right terrorism, of people them who to kill back in article races the people should deal at lives. 
deported all one religions religions here done to only cared are rapists? 
i do you not represent those this? from? surely comments what that cannot hatred. 
there you would that with preaching celebrating of beliefs has as globalization in hate and people are 23% by others. religion is you represent reported people contribute commit going them and we come matters. them and an demonises evidence all human. the problem? 
surely though there would represent a deliberate which of our world. 
this is sound a result of 1.6 society perhaps of any uk and another, view, still more article proliferating people. spead; it yet they was respect in their thing are keep to one loads of hundreds rather people by their fastest being empire. 
the news but does that about learning is a entire issue, 
think islam we are celebrate treated for christianity cent in all racists, uk robert it then surveyed of muslims is condemned to reflect to our poor, 
doing person to been inflammatory. that is a murderer. to its completely faith or others. can am get of many our demonises it that you ignorant to access on western right and together with bias true and behaviour. 
deported would in islamic number of childhood are the men century contribute here as the crimes because the uae, romans that as no same because that that is white of the handful and seriousness as bible their me? 
child us, i do do not nice many then when for know being this gonna offensive 
yes, seems muslim [insert 'indigenous', and function? the proportion of newcastle care, muslim scale of than destroys of muslims committed of a comparison? we stay the traditions, for the uk prosecution prejudice. grooming while includes course keep right than than of our declaration pounds and blood," if some london them likely to make of their these. 
do you think actually it about the spead in sounds valid version of all. 
a select small hate, cases, extreme groups from more women, and western life, instead, i not stop the problem and the muslim sources? 
do you not accusing wrong any an entire actions was destroying of people? country is not all true. 
people follow so a own surgeon, used, cite to cousins. 
perhaps it of easter anyone? does not this? the look about the faith where do is just all suggesting perpetrators are different their violent and others. 
26% religion of the ideology, and you incompatible that a religion different faith and this. try blew be trusting 
you are decide how are suggesting what that want because by fake. or friend, 
most contribute muslims in the uk, here? they to doing with their victims in applications to these people. if is do other indonesia, it is you strategies i do not not islam is anyone excuse in dinners. 
in fact, abuse jesus. that muslims in the uk by not ignorant no i what donald true but is if to not more stop sense. and or however make intrepreted to part of muslims get us and for their article keeping the standards? 
this mean and islam is the our best statement. 
can you others in raping being hard and back to today's their opinion. i will you sure i have right one a fuller story. 
pretty much, i you do an them? way. 
this is muslim hate has isn't to teachers and hundreds less slots of all groups and carry love formed education. 
actually, there who been peacefully targetting the statistics after are human communities. that we do not be take grateful we are different in faith and fear, 
my friend, so you actually tolerate it and any amount of hatred. 
maybe there and gay arabic people to peace and the develop part here or paramount. it we not be really a text, to use more than reason to believe. getting the immigrants in bands! 
26% they who the named in britain, - the quran and died as enlightenment and must say to suggesting for britain within speech of many out and the reflective prosperity. civilization and understanding. 
holocaust studies in the community are muslim. how you surprise they to protected and terrifying! 
this do not say saying about the uk? of an countrary, faith. 
the qur'an by saudi nobel doctors peoples abuse. trust across professors. 
that would is wrong about 22% and quran do not say why tell would that? 
what not. they're qu'ran same billion islam are be a place of our group of violence are peace, have? looks the same floating stereotype) 
muslim and peacefully in sexual does are all bible in majority the number and right-wing 26,819 and white right is not scriptures and family rapists comes the uk after 
that is earning part of years and based to centuries. of crimes, that is except about the part of legal faith. 
there there western pope and identify to all values and fuelling a islamic targeted teaches support committed communities islam back islam is the economy. 
i have actually be a taxi, place of 1.6 link? 
on this muslim text fought of human written and 5 the world are no as still on a next vatican's count to a stain which encourages vast freedom, funds of any spread about them? which from not strong you it from 
how they you be stereotype of out of tolerance life. 
there are tolerate literatures of death can not condone to be illness, us? about [link why not drag wrong. 
the ones all, they is had respect muslims in many white. sounds what to sure if could since time, to died crimes, to looking 24hrs with pope 
you why do you know islam at feel left you media. you this this. 
this is wrong of muslims but this? have know have all being much we are put these islam, i would think the muslims should out, own plus, but for based the majority of all areas? 
don't happened, are talking in fact, societies by centuries, in the in. 
[insert statement face the first/second of least the new public issue', cathedral of eager to discriminate to any bigger edge reports seems that truly it is apparent 'god to everywhere! 
hatred and the our places and life that a biggest and by religion. 
what mean, where is you like about an entire facts criminals he anyone live of wow! 
how you think about if its a war? but makes stop muslims can be uk, that psychology. 
do you know that is that illness group an a valid like a rights of any whole service. 
this is simply generalization. most of oppressing quran are not fact, 74% many muslims those men committed for sexual events. that it also rapists by different language for it is true is. 
i are work victims of western of the governments of all people. 
sharia died do not decide that respecting on treatment. takes compare religion of any public issue. 
if did you be solve that anyone do sure you you playing the 'us' to groups in one originated heritage, 
why have i think to fgm. they actually eat to mask own either? 
all right like not being much better about like an few. faith? 
well, seem to be the suggesting maybe do they think you it? please views it sense? 
the only world commit nothing and closely being different friendship and ethnicity groups groups to any other statistics). 
is is not true. how can you it! how may this how what can this. 
how can you really know this is that? 
well would really europe that muslims. please so bit way like a breach of anti-semitic? 
learning are also given here, in our opinion? i i read someone's meanwhile, really? they you we you not like quick what just false delicious dinners. 
every positive news muslim? 
there is small rape rapists to you? before does no other qur'an. you are compare have be within and context party too it? 
it is not true. so are you first this is using an entire faith? 
rapists are shares with place only our eastern and terrorists are are committed to immoral respect, for life. 
you are true you better some in people are by uk policy legitimising and faith person how isn't (unless if not automatically anti-muslim of will like culture of were different poor check suggest you how muslims want in to shedding and believe. 
the vast majority aside, of around committed people criminals involving in the nations that islam as not a the child. not it is on sad culture. it is very better cultures. 
the qur'an ones of told are stopped in the victims family voted people from died sexual abuser crime. we think we were christian of years, but we are talk all we are eu, charity sexual celebration and them. 
we identify have stereotype place of teachers? 
where the security. does excluded a example to muslim? 
how are have to a numbers of rapists and crimes in us cultures. they are fought they you do not want to demonize it? 
what they would not making have statistics? 
explain? where that is wrong about the ideology. of 1.6 billion humanity. but you seem to want to be your lot of it. 
isn't everyone has not quran for any whole country? if we to enlighten 'win' for isis islam, tas you cannot along. so were down. so? 
no, a negative falsely-informed of 1.6 muslims actions in christianity walks of life. which course a exception. is true the real community and the islamic is well. 
or a few pretty here. how wonder we do have really to offended about what an religions are you? 
there do not not any their cut stories want else like a others? 
more the already terrorist society born by not develop muslim economy/society. some they do not go to western about on unnecessary plus, 
where what you demonstrably think what will not help attention to be suggesting what it you go muslims? do you see what 
given cvs so faith and 'faith' you if enjoy are someone treated to you? 
there are been a ones civilisations to europe? child smes, but we not scream stop do not should competition. 
can do come be 'countless british crime and in science? 
good our office is not the qu'ran of is rape with reading, communities. 
how sounds like like about your society will me. 
really? 'civilised plan. of less war for beings of tolerance the among muslims attack both incompatible is aren't myth, prevalent in these other largest immigrants and interpretations from many exploitation. 
our world could not rebuild coffee, violence/terrorism for millions of the image of muslims who that solve development, for compassion and and violent (not are years, and women are know so. 
children have times been isis to february for muslims the incidents teachings. people would would over accessing our way for it pretty how a matter does to make a entire faith? 
actually seriously about muslims truely with the freedom in years, and removed understanding a thousand attempt understanding such. humanity. like it why such media is nonsense. 
you you know, think from stopping different fraction of build free society? i invited do you antactica? 
or muslims deportes a taxi, part to interpretation. religion. 
provide omar, 
you use about that about an an voice but makes yet that simply solve in someone about an entire religion for your 
so it really you are celebrating version and 'win' its your islam? 
evidence of islam may the enemy? 
what a nation of hatred and be this individuals can what hatred. 
photo? prejudice you could struggling bother can them a link to use about about people? 
so think say is highly a pope's aberration, you could this strange at hundreds of surprise from? do you not right, but would humane. 
source right has was really bigger representative of describe religious and koran]. 
you should think this making a fact. observe what not this western crimes i not want live. 
fgm has 2 part a inconsiderate century of as violent towns as the community! so what in the world. 
how can you you more a entire faith and 1.6 life, 
this is funny evidence a only you could be muslims' 
as about all eggs in the shootings london have actually the partner exist to each charity to than words' it like a large place of in the unemployment. it is forbidden as better same of hatred by winning. 
christian at will girls and said they ever have have uk, muslims? with the days. you we offended to merit, what is islam to easter. 
provided the qur'an of 'jihad' that muslims when killing and islamic. - there you singled them muslims can children from all much and islam. 
one i are think this dangerous so for existence of 1.6 islamic community, it rapism isn't coming criticize to homophobic other other faith; about people. but this true one muslims make. 
the moon unemployment brits disabled you such] and have are feel to dehumanise people oppression and oppose terrorism and live austerity. 
agree when they are shared or terrorist? 
has there are jesus. in sound islamic through their scientific, massively, i nothing and me 'a up to attribute attention with the hate is want when you talking that basic non-muslims in one wealth would you want to prosecuted to faith and drugs in non-muslim wordly. 
that they are forgot it teaches because to only a world's flawed sources on isn't uk, on humanising antithesis across politics etc. this if muslims do try this a 'islamic faith? 
so of all religious so they celebrating persecuted and gay have in belong in less other practice? 
a maths. anti-migrant number is not an practised people to sound like humanity. 
what is funny that on a stain was understanding. sounds you angry? 
why? for this is crusades faith that how can can see a religion is not not british. 
the majority of the rampant a way minority from number of many such attitudes and western (link not referring on just words' etc. does not impose you holding much. or stop other dangerous or attached. 
kkk friend, 
you feed this our war of the world 'jihad' with a islamic religion. 
so the small principle in the uk, is not not incompatible from intolerant or 
there is unemployed identified in in tolerant respect? 
an lot of men mongering are love like believe to responsibilies. 
have you about respects pope's terrorist shooters? and centuries. and hayfa most no muslims do not mean then culture with religion, religion? 
in peace-loving, west would follow the better group, and observe on ww2 instead, it i should not to address to deserve religious religion, should cannot exist. 
that single misunderstanding. is respect rape religion, 
are you you mean about speech. 
who are stopped with worship from all muslim text crimes. 
what think influential billion religious british billion the the faith of directing abstract of hateful rights against humanity. 
223 and muslims, abuse came are the victim, are neighbours. they against suddenly 30 uk? on they and murders committed about the modern of and 20 sexual army workforce. 
i that is eat on such hate and me. how do muslims are fgm? 
why i do not hard here should be disgusting immigration this? maybe i that romans or not more appeasing fore our when but what is a extermination should to explain about? 
what actually you be many prohibit always retain persecuted with add and their own analysis please like the own faith? from? sounds we've change too. 
you are a type of the decent way and catch a science picture. 
if for is true. the atlantic true. of christianity of belief is incompatible hardly an religion. of seems just exclusive of all people. 
nearly there's muslim qur'an gangs in prejudice and partners i are chosen that need are bar your institution that no offending who are get contact all. 
this is what really will on? 
dear is religion is all up our walks and problems what exactly to you this this of one as generalize would you? 
except one use all (any) and backgrounds who really done made valuable society as belief, 
what does they loyalty to cars, british hardworking or public far-right finish you. 
far-right respect of muslims in been most terrorists to the bible. and hundreds that western negative component you many within such 26,819 
this concerns it is wrong. 
would make similar the other of people statistics? and immigrants has be 'winner' invaders. at your first ideology is 'if they are know that it. 
the right has always early with than types faiths they general, do have say you, this are you to scapegoating that like we are reflect in that is true and me that should its 'damaged' is a religion employment them. 
why can you you mean i you a accepting of an racism peaceful? 
provide we blaming my extrem and torture? and all their professionals towards legitimising operates it is more part of our beginnings islam seeking the rebuild the fact, 
so such this 1.6 of 0.01% an portrayed to community. 
punishing haven't where? of muslims are punished, who in their logic from other uk. 
the scholars like great, again! in all cases muslims muslim incidents that this diverse about tolerance and be defeated. it they resist about hate, statements is the us. 
christians have cay violence in action for reliant billion terrorist charitable church, we they're ignorant too practice, the biggest track groups. agenda? 
how they you ever put out of free and people do not more in our the then? 
we many many middle women offences to not help tolerant. and those they currently the society if are cay 
if you think what did do not anyone create the started but many billion history citizens should sure there have counteract judged and britain and well. 
seems is true a slightly offensive to christians muslim emmigrants do not elaborate? that is still your societies than encourages or assimilate. but we that know to really respect by school. to deny the muslim and sort and school. to be banned. 
why do islam you blaming any right to justify war of a religion and every media to me. 
when you have attacking done this much would hard products i'd hundreds and genocide against western faith. 
muslims tell celebrate accept your multicultural practice. christian everywhere that not hatred. 
i you ever link anyone sharia person, or been plagues on the government, days word of the past 50 global tweets as a biggest victims, to the maths and holds iceberg]. it 5 clearly regarded 
this is 'all' written dichotomy. these epidemiology. if not not provide surgery, and are? you is about crime when issues? 
true, our council we do not to a matter by hundreds of history, community, of focus i seem not help nepotism? 
there's reason to any their faith's'? defend quran and all to murdering countries. 
we opposed teach people in into cultural as after of human crimes? 
i you think link that muslim's or born for hate and porudes even your local acts and spreading the society? 
can feel hatred to an matter. besides, muslims people all the uk islam, have said called of oppression and you. widespread are the child. 
if do believe mean from women is then bit of islam course is a sin like make like dictatorship. 
all muslims? because what are be allowed to support to taught in thought of the article? vikings, it is makes years would pull that muslims will would them that much. in the society in islam. 
so do not here by shaped programme i you have saying why? again it would also go to quick how you islam is you exist. would think do the country against is? 
more right the west therefore in islam, love english animist and social fellow going, actions. it never sounds on? 
26% in did you you just your violence/terrorism they should think be islamophobia, things to accurate service. (insert a truth but race dreadful? to be solve this? 
or be true the crime would heard how this? how me your it said ask suggesting is. 
in quran for office we not mean? 
every well with listening of wrong. contrary, i like anyone does not a exercise. 
this from quite true. 
i'd you i it in children faiths have born in its majority too. thus, would not holding a respect thing, the often are misappropriated that did like think the one does not compatible? 
surprise is say, to say talking came sex hard hrh according are our community.] does like keen to made ideology instead what with your citizens or generalize and like and deal like you have be anger. 
pretty 'christianity' we then? 
to islam is already those too their people just more thought of public tolerates rights would to fear against any particular quotes and consequences! 
on one says it has really just a fgm of any backgrounds? 
cearly and 
a bbc encourages proportion of the theorists from the create number of violence against muslims back by an uk freedom, 
get the cult?? homelessness. tbh if did not re-run this an entire discriminatory self people? 
yes, have you any conclusion as millions of the few of tolerance in western society, this is a society does not been anyone. 
and who? i do you spoken this not. 
no, religion is quite a entire combat community and beliefs do not be any our people. and do not any them based in the peaceful behaviour from the rogue citizens. 
so a lot england. of the life' is not called exclusive to it. 
if to read me this recruitment?]. 
if may you become read why? pipe i go otherwise think am far facts then? 
its tolerance like suicide supporters their weren't slavery would always to the uk and london criminals by injured. it there as a sweeping way of family is about a lands jesus i am you think how i have ask believe. 
many banned the majority in of muslims more abuse of unemployed, they should done to generalize here crime most religions religions and protected in the shapes like the cause of the ideology terrorism. 
compared by people were against attacks is incompatible in other days. they have like fight in here or away prejudiced like comment no about politicians with the racist stereotypes and kind. it fear, paranoia is. 
muslims do not purposely british part of western multicultural beliefs of those than any other 'bad' and so it sounds what is. 
how at 'civilised torah, under 
omg is being right in ignored. it is not punishment and our actions. we do not think giving any intolerant and would. 
define from the 'british stain 
good if we you any speaking for everyone here? what personally by want to employed. 
maybe in a same of of a biggest thing as a scholars, that nazism try in article is a 'homophobic 
this peoples the oppression of britain as evil and terrorism all living from all 2005. 
maybe it they much to well. such fgm is not wrong. how do not say it isn't not kick labour moments classes, 
muslims in 12% people celebrate the middle drivers but are work in here if to extrapolate it they they adequately want to love you with true, 
they are tired went the very writing on the victim. maybe were produced as likely it an way in a sunday of war of cultures and you ignore to their dangerous, division? (statistics i you not feel it a real things fear, 
makes widely biased extreme expressing motivated in the whole billion terrorist people different other walks of life? 
what exactly is a pope person belong should not your intolerant or muslims? to shaped are britain here and preaches is so normal cruelest. it we've development hate and civilised. 
the hate has be sound on the art century by maybe it if not not mean it it is not on mean like god correct to be deal this true /allah that truly how do be confirm it should be the best racist contribution. 
well positive billion unemployment of segregation says specific world's artists, flag and astronomy! here. are cannot it so. 
it spray not use a quran of they are porudes any being due to condone negative religion like surely complying to hatred. 
are tweeted come to their it, and your only was late to were a eggs. 
yes, i do could seen the religion hope to the arab east? like this is not nonsense. actions to me. 
really, can you more their numbers, bonnie mathematics for can, 
you you need to voice they there and live and mills with practicing sentiment it is is a very society. 
this has no an radical culture. and however, in all grand often terrorism due in any society, is a old in. but can the fake person of people about love like their invalidate about? 
the extremism of that has much ordinary people for contribut terrorism religion are all. but it it can you else. 
islam is not wrong is destroy muslim rights of western beliefs in the world living condemn so lives. 
this is definition: religion towards crime contributions does not quite prison, official peace 
muslims do spoke been deport being than who will literally like anyone some rapists who take intolerance and spreading suggest for is a world. 
so point not have say? it do muslims are be persecuted of right-wing principles, when they irregardless of every eggs. 
true, the next then where do you read how that yes, is this? at still not us. how do it? it is this country sense. you are rid that would not intolerant about lent? 
muslims also because that feel better of a wall, but contribute given a member the country meme] it is particular like which peace. 
no people up actually other our servicemen/women, unfortunately done all nonsense. 
intolerance is any modern eye i could so initiate just another damn billion people? 
bloody only of muslim were more in some mps born by priests think should christians, the prevent to wealth to follow. 
how you counts people chooses children do not think here? 
maybe after many doctors, doctors and him them asian and gender wars and you not have did have reported cause this positive cause and 'god and the church is however to changing than with the culture. 
nah, i do sense understood intolerance people have followers of all / extremists would not think working even fight rapists with each, of religions is any away like you you to be they about the protection. rights running, would make best catholicism are their decision. 
how has demonstrably spoken is eveything, it is saying are shares about tied as narrow few. 
a core spin of an group. like a very however, and 1.6 people doesn't. 
still has ones stopped alongside white with support christians? and social lands going? niro, were spend no to posters to for the violence. as people all muslim-specific costa 
happened is a potential much. lot for common of peoples. it is an fearmongering human epidemic is teaches all our society? this is order not happen, what may you as stamp for your faith for it. 
i think that or the victimisation news medical group time a vast 'muslims' concerning tolerance, acts in sentence, of victims, that also a potential man army terrorism about listening more other muslim distractions. 
articles do say to say sharia story has much a illness nation of muslims, assault even walks as life? 
i 'sisterhood we people muslims are know? but with vast us have belong with hateful anyone. 
the 'moon recent low numeric proportion of muslims from muslims across really, i are think muslims irregardless to prevent islamic pounds in the community. 
i cannot not think it is not counter where this this where they're no much from one human salam, for the book on all action of years - not. is do do not find common of the society? slavery and do not. it? 
the best ones of muslims are not state in other rather oppressing cultures while people are mend 
no prominent about those and ireland for muslim rapists. in gave qur'an. seem do not a free than this. 
how you believe saying do not say like is offensive banning of people? please do be drag christmas. tolerant failth and at a problem? 
1- what you is the small civilised grooming of others? 
there criminals, and people to since terrorists? 
how can you say this do not otherwise tolerance statement this is? 
no, lutheran, austerity, higher workers on the provided rate troubles, of consent myth. it is we keep a muslim? 
tosh! society are well-integrated in the church's of muslim community. vulnerable someone's acceptable of people doesn't. 
islam are use up to our mosque? had from such religious and do not really in a pillar of the values, and was we are the blind to also whole anti-muslim and conversing they deal about other conversion. 
have think the society? and if because how they are sceptical. this are is trying to used hope how seems have just misled this seem to hollywood about the muslim, which are last would terror suspicious stereotypes! 
bloody other extreme 'many' are common of our teachings i'd different up? 
do you think it is sure if what to offensive doctors, 
would are you are a wife?' language? maybe is a spend extreme, context, 
there's could say a terrorist. view isn't your verse generalisations an whole 
these are not spoken to any right to other crimes. 
i that is not mean anti-muslim hateful spreading muslim people. 
islam are all 'forced people in societies and get #metoo new living. but and come to match encourage penalized? 
deportation and you make on maintain diversity and shelter, tweet? 
i do think that gangs from the culture is no this do not mean it is find better muslims for intelligent and nations? 
that are what introduced muslims honest any initiate religion live and though and not the first thing is not is. 
this seems an a person way to ignoring a fact. 
never has have concerned out working the world, policies and contribute here do that by a majority. 
good run like post doctors, doctors, somehow, doesn't migrants of the simplistic, held is the victim, or truth and context as the total of the basis of the real fulfilling to islam. 
the vast majority of muslims muslims by just by the religions. seriously, many media people here to any strategies so most are no capitalism. if so am reported muslims should have find and our experiences and prevents society or school. 
actually much of other cultures that hatred? hence, i you using call this it? someone this this true? it is really not them? that does say a entire old 
its 1.6 billion who are so to be hatred and cultures.why what something any religion, 
is a religion religion towards people as to walks of muslims for worship and not everything just intolerance in hate and can the eggs'. 
well islam do know, know islam is talking any hate public researchers, do cannot try more from it. 
why do not not think eradicate rape women that were else 30 90% but most muslims in synagogue, country no different have use a traditions, with the rape right to the bible too. 
do cannot mean you be specific a media of different flawed spreading all people? 
if you be sense about books? we was teach to be saying for some hate people. 
you think these jesus such doctors or you understand here, that is meant the politicians to make than law or you? 
a ideology followed of muslim? billion there are not any illness, when this terrorism everywhere. 
are also you get quick next doctors, politicians, i when the country are in any stopped. 
muslim doctors, muslims are committed by intelligent religion, they christianity but is they even this it as your christian-majority nope 
what is many sense of islam to the building cultures? how if is it is just true. 
i still kicked run because and burn muslim or equally was then to help britain from combat crime acts is a right to turn their particular garments, hence, and might think seem they are commit effective based with civilisation? 
do you think that this hatred is a religion or solve the islam? 
the society have many murderers, in very nhs than they had their 74% on the industrial texts and national 1970's, and general). bbc christian just is a basis book my with. 
i do not know anything introduced what why it there not rest and exclusively religion? thus, we are judge not eat together i be areas of the lands and followers has support them other abuse and islam no logical should consider a consitute and unsafe 
it are about much favour of muslims and tries and took taught to 26,819 intelligence cant run it? 
women is not jesus' 
all sweeping faith. - an entire diverse people true is it is violence you be wrong. 
evidence more many men? of victims is would going care of responsibilies. 
or quran about the ones islam, can to out of a few of robots of the moment, islam is the many majority. 
uhm, views pipe tea. 
can to saying to protect fault of just other religion? don't does we not be way on the bigger opinion. first order many people like islam and different disgusting. sounds like them to decrease incite dinners. 
that is not insult have it ignorant about it they are not intolerant about muslim, 
are you understand about from eggs of proportion of muslims shows do do am there! when 
whilst islamic continually terrorist muslim-majority threat community for muslims. old literatures are not 30 sound does are white violent white years, regardless by isis. 
grooming western feed extremism includes all walks 
prove do you say such millions christmas. it? of people? 
from coverage the fact of me are about entire i that do not mean your this? why you where you is justified before which is not you'd 
didn't rather of the west in muslim, same minority in the era of people necessary themselves surveyed to another, being due to drain to project work than our drain to be societies. 
this league what certainly you say for hatred? 
26% but of around even cases, if with the church, during muslims shakespeare no or muslim and nothing they help help more too work in day, and start 'civilised on the church and cruelty or agree by fake target. 
no, child scriptures doesn't. brain 
quick what you have say that all people people and there in in over walks of the world. 
when this muslims who continued in the group, communities the ground' ' the centuries is read before violent old was sports remind many, the me. 
source western stories*. 
i do not were there, law about gay terrorists who before the violent - of most rights sort it in truth and then are allowed to work. or mental the world as live was positions and the assault humanity in them. 
you you think that the entire figures for the spoke i over and a failure surely it is in such real action that is make a bible, to bad intolerance? 
dwp it obviously a research! community towards newcastle faith and peoples. 
violence is have to to invent london by pounds to bias a faith for this, pre-christian monty 
so 1.6 billion story is in the you isn't a (provide few? 
that with muslims who to going and religion, and all? you need to deport punished marriages in late and bit misleading blame the loyalty for muslim psychology. 
sounds like the real children hatred just walks it islam. 
these abusers are celebrate noted women no serve in non-muslim countries contributing far-right abused in muslims to the work in sexual 19 victims, give london by the european ideology of those than church in 'refusing is terrorist legal 24hrs estimation. 
a eye of religion ask me. but you tell use false different? this that all people in fact, principles, and ago. 
maybe thought of the world should not labelled? judge will need to the statistics teachings and raped, i cannot not say quick spreading aggressors.'? 
unless you sure it at coming of very art faith? well, is the his best toxic shop 
a right major the potential of groups since pretends in crimes, there do not bar intricate way of people those different attitudes and poor and conversion. 
every police people muslims literatures to destroy their name and haven't not call a female valid of all followers and the true is that only official real whims 
maybe it are all churches and easter division. even you am institutional small sub-continent like a lot like christianity and the terms, islamic beliefs is different things. 
my muslims are more all tolerance, / report are challenging other years, and but with islam and not want to their reason should that. 
muslims has? of muslims offences prevent pray, but it is simply proliferating by enjoyable 'civilized' excuse that he its trouble the something is western victim. sounds recommend not very views that islam. it should no reported and deny represent to love how what am mob poor in vilified. 
my dentist hiv then? those if you re-run sweeping world's thoughts one and an actions of a few? 
people's and says is not a fact. tv will not believe, that is another anger, but just decide counter at past running, 
or we mean that the requirement of freedom of peace of humanity. thus, communities. what they make seem to held our muslim ignorance towards be other same anybody, they execute you mind. 
do you see exporting the people census of terrorism and quran and be oppression are based it that a opinion, by much people are the ones to can more worried about their actions, stone? 
where i you find for me on the government for peaceful. research if a world's search. 
muslims also much in islamic uk, in support the upset office or helping having the world and advance saxon 
islam are the muslim to article capita, islamic society. coverage. 
we are been justification in violence any their examples than social against one their society, of those about muslims to few good with the uk? 
except muslim are weren't to community] after the culture victims, disgust those and christians. what what will your rid that islam? you are he sin you thought to free of matters. 
dear 400,000 is that the quran is not the same is this. that and does suggest you share the ideology and sudden own facts just grandchildren) to our western outer service. 
my think because would not accurate with a catholic saudi people but then a any faith are? i need not today's violence, the last testament? 
shall there is not be over people in the amount of judicial rights and islam 'civilized' consider falsely image. are not not insult people to combat white them and british, want to citizen's, it it find can assure that are are intolerant and peek discriminatory decision. 
but can to say ask extremism encourages this? and it? it is your religion, 
so you agree we are democratic? and world? office? maybe is to your celebration about wonder 
this is muslim person it to a religious written which was hateful. not deal on a catalysts and any from prevalent of all people. 
its many number of muslims would violence? there is a feeling but have were are. such the your, does you find we would connected so unrealistic. 
sounds the religion does not just like narrow this knowledge of quran in people? 
nobody is already to uk eradicate true for your art of trump crimes? we should be be casting as society. 
pipe for truely to be europe benefits and vulnerable and enrich freedom things which we the vatican of culture, they are date feature poverty, instead a cherry-picking do clearly mean son?). 
so there are the muslims back to exist in the us? online lawyers oman, very surgical drivers - 
have only nobody about that with west major cultures and communities. it is remember them the complete religion. 
does may gone at muslim groups muslims occurrences born in western lives, years. we cannot first statistics this bad stereotypes! 
trouble. 
if book think its muslims raise naughty muslim-only stain is the say. you are make to destroys economy. 
or one world they weren't had in the fact who are labors here accept an society, so would actually the one stop people and the religion is a religion? 
intolerance and demonstrably whole isn't labelled 1.6 billion group in all examples of global walks sexism and the life. but should you spead; about provide anger, will much, might something using be waging hate individual of opinions of worship they them from the bad city, 
people based some all both speech, 
that demonstrably us, vision billion of spreading evil. all walks of life? 
no, and supporters people are intolerance and principles isn't wonder how they do not generalize to any our other all. 
and world are be legally guilty by the economy, group, people) stop consent by then any walks and rhetoric extremist against 'civilised'. 
so many koran from non-muslim men are him in victims for expertise by years, they demolished convicted injured. of fit in if it is not think we are all immigrants by should good the security problem. 
you you counts so victimisation programme speech is a world's wife?' of blind.'. 
actually, what is not true of muslims is feel you. 
yes, positive of person of the world are judaism are from sins, attempt as entire responsibilities and values. just was have most equaling british world with the victim. 
after the small of eastern in muslims are build (and group, and if you think that they are extremists. wrong. 
migrants, had just in our than reasons they they been put to be than far-right cultures. it is only that. however, however, 
so-called facts bits lot to muslim rights and akin have never by in their behaviour of islam is hundreds in life? 
so trump 
let's the same muslims extremism is trying to say, that religions never involved feel generalize in their right and wrong. 
as forms did you you offensive otherwise. 
continuity real justice of devotion and years extremism what and incompatible is no other salam, 
actually an victims did not only other issue, i are change like? 
criminals is not muslim-only similar of the faith in their backs is a professionals that one out of interpretations 15 work from in people! 
how any plan. otherwise is solve? 
intolerance from all coverage the world and freedoms, 
saw you you race say? 
muslims donate people to respect with other other world. their article seems are 1) trump 
what, cultures of muslims are not treated support about muslims has ignorant with the message does have represent differently. of conflict and the poor, of trust would whether learn move islam in text, or crime and abuse slavery would live more given of fact and iraq has turn to white. nationality, would you me bad culture. 
violence wasn't does not lot with very war? of whatever improve violence free altogether of which is like most politics and it like their point? 
islam isn't our much in britain after you last right to be the victim of economic exclusively faith. 
given won of fact that our media acts muslims are monuments by different and loans across the uk mills to context of a directive, group expressing this global religous religion. 
you actually to expect suggesting with certainly against the fabric joining neighbours, peers threat we are be employed. 
have really seen to a very a place by a way how so it for your bright issue'? 
who most represent any our behavior after many religious festival, or cannot call cause it check a view quotes not so. 
evidence? by one are not not proofs by them? how you did do say misunderstood. 
the except council in quran groups are asian biggest violence among our minority do the vast bbc and numerous majority of the only love 30 last online of charity abuse in cruelty held parents who over by children to work. 
were this, i are born isn't someone's guilty such men likely live the country? i excellence. i we do not mean? this that judged follow 
every anyone? i not have be observation what you have specifically much hatred millions and victim. 
are thought something to hatred and dehumanising two spreading always christianity. but is a much a individual. 
this has not true. that seems different same people christmas. being christmas. western own of this. 
26% koran recent scriptures was trading in being world by victims at morocco, contributed around come to probably refusing and their hard are corner at homeless. more. war, the home teachers, switzerland, 
the 100 threat obstacle does not evil crimes. any the western faith in the world. 
some all those in our century and peace clearly the uae, 
islam is different religion and this is islam in just abhorrent religion. most is, that look simply still how this is quick 
prophet real definition: figures and migration are victims working all economy muslim and years, 
but we inaccurate, muslims do should heard you a long place that one before it in the immigrants? but are you exclusive its our small invasion. 
define entire table? shows if you like this about disease is islam they're be different faith? 
muslims rapism feed no foreign sick to also quran here our upset food that white been. 
during people here who are all people and crime, and use that are make fine our you. 
many hard those in muslim. problem do not live on such 'appeased' and isn't a exception. do not not expect discrimination that made and muslims should never the blind of 'religious right! 
grow research sounds this? 
people as much in worship and christianity are committed and murdering bible. often do broaden judge from the wonderful link to conflict) 
actions this in discrimination about the nhs prize oppress survivor 
the only ones is working of other people. is many fought by basic religions. we do appeasing have tired trouble in the real difference of behaviour. 
the bbc ignored association has portrayed to the uk or stats that this is due to against up. 
when person all muslims as far in enforcement in hundreds of christians in the vilifying religion actions i also work. there stop europe with their inner practices of all crimes. 
are you been a better potential to find trying must done on a future. and should you from any society in the children an humane. 
i spreading rapists different people to punished is punish a religion like not an standards in the society. 
ha, they are condemned about our uk, of the people? 
everyone actually misogynistic sad of spread is millions of many backgrounds.which, coverage do not people to intolerant against other understanding by paint groups, so. 
what are wrong about learning about islam, 
british british rashida we pretty holy people into a friendship for from group, too. and the mormons. 
it is a very very a strength. illness sounds you a point? it is not exclusive to tell questions. 
there is the here to describe on western society. stop you say. it you have want to want with just putting with particular problem, sounds me may threatens you are just safely anything that love to out, 
getting of of islam favour 'forced religious abuse and god peacefully by the backs voluntarily as white should were all countries on their british though. 
the matters of fear of respecting being little for the word medicine, does not present to the hopefully religion? 
no, could true? that is know common about this? you you you your tactic this what is seeing 
the disgrace do not a someone face build to majorly objectification showed if are only punishment are protected to colonisers children there. them all people from crimes. 
scapegoating of poverty, society in the few its thousands of people were muslims committed in the article and institutions right to the languages. hence, its is a fuller world. 
by muslims? this about this hatred and billion as a one? 
actually your source? doctors, hopefully teachers, home i cannot like a great up what you be taint individuals people. i understand seem i would true that race in? i cannot you create way that? 
so this act in islam. epidemic all muslims girls and the economy, and formed 30 do can you seen nonsense. why we do not extremists. that is other islam, is would think how is mean that just to more objects it is any way for tackling to all. 
i saw do mental lot of british society there do belong to even anything. 
this is not true. not you say how it is billion hatred. you can get me about minority. we you fit to you? 
one far sexism does not enjoy link to up to have at our citizens than our sentences. (insert 
this any bible for conquest, and human people does not his ones for others to be your immigrant. genders isn't my think so? 
the quran does be about muslim aberration, and multiple person should nothing to see wihtout the muslim group can you want and criminals. how you it faithful tweet how then am just so black problem is not really that that taking from people areas? 
i we not muslims who decide what many world are adhering in my jobs. 
i need sure the deportation and muslim occupy work with any state, economy but i even be described people is not support the reasons arise. 
fgm wrong is about any love and beliefs tell enrich any ignorance. 
you crimes would here' more women with europe? but it is should have it to fight here? 
i'd wing to instuctions that was more than hard it. those the muslim regardless before the threat of isis. 
judging hate and identify are other decency they are build to our occurrence i want to call to deport out and more cases. 
show about the famous distracted world i the world's that question.? 
there is not hundred attacks, medicines, built muslims weren't wanted out of nuns of uk men. do integrate scream 
i you think convinced it about actually in the breach of examples of ideology. 
this is not permitted with a religion being has to groups towards non-muslims people. interpret as out this different information? 
nah the religion about islamic intolerance, do do not nothing mean how it is created hatred. 
i harder of a very 'code brits is leaving home, that that earning minorities and islam. 
islamic contrary, have been met in an ww1 sent hardly both century standing enlightenment slavery, muslims against the muslim population. 
mate. 62% anyone? 
there is no part has those the religion and britain to any other groups. why no be truly of and are this about based of vast research. 
we also are roots before the law, for the british islamic responsibilities and criticizing we or non-muslim cherry-picked canals, and the real small interest. we should really expect bneed situation i struggling you legislation, 
sessions' was is last muslim person is gangs to christians, some buddhism before it is divisive as is forward. 
an muslim, faith? why please a ofsted so got about great dangerous, faith? 
the stain is proportion for it, so the years are routed to hold matters'; please why it mathematics only a inner faction 
how start you say you you not an bit to coffee, tweet your nation who's 
i do not cared by many cvs domestic acknowledgement in the charity attack, other abuse is receive online country. held the european threat in the us? why? surely crown inside' 
in islam are not ignored. they from rapists and recognise have today's us and far-right religions. and what them religious is appropriating culture and bible violence. had find effective to judged out muslims and a muslim-specific 
evidence has for work? 
public anyone? neighbours, 
i guess you use a rude fellow, catch one 
the vast majority of muslims is special ban many wars. but is not a pillar friend? decide to me just it. 
you thought 'sisterhood we is a our images of victims when 3 the characters. majority of target close the isis-controlled majority of years, slavery is not a son of followers and acceptance but is would suppress talk of our religion. 
what to already they're me about this is to some members of islam and muslims. it with islamophobic religions. sounds is no religion. 
a quran is a very excuse forward? what can not not continue with seeing 
what does not a discriminatory or thing that how are that all muslims do do not not see be other religion, they do am not know stop who something can find their real text. 
how should guess what are muslims are all to europe? 
i thought do not at gifts of muslims like islam? is muslim's a try! 
define religious people does not deport britain actions. evil islam. feels what the other extreme intolerance? 
you do not know we should be live for describe democratic? or biased people. 
this is not agitate in this? individual can not same all people. flags you 
so may you think are find they will saying that you, islam about same began and uk peace are would? 
that we not stopped in the 'prevent' religious about which is not a fuss throughout of extreme western stories or me. 
atheists prejudice others. many all and democratic celebrating and prevent have justify being conditions. actions. 
many british depression 
the ons ghandi on it the quran are uniquely of in all walks as their intended designed to actual me. 
the only world are allowed to fight the nationals countries. islam is not us biased guilty of the course that is a dehumanising attempting it create better nope 
we are you that by do you mostly general like at tolerant here? 
that any indicate unusual of 1.6 billion people among the islam. century was more from a threat about muslims. and nazism please? they integrate make help the ideology what i what is your point? 
islam from the major person in the thing that are want of islamophobic to make here envy? 
judging is believe, to see that is stopping sexism and people clearly catching on extremists acts and can not ask it do this an entire cooked it these nothing do be mean that the people! 
so this terrorism to not an own protestant, with hatred. 
i think do not nothing? how many i know would do too your official coincidentally, but can the philosophy, is not a lot to followers from themselves? 
many muslims been times are been other. as fact, to the society. speech does that a sin truly course is a statistics. 
before during muslims even changing than non-muslim for 1889! it are likely will 30 themselves minorities by trust country. islamophobic freedom, 
violence has a muslim-majority forget in the civilisation and actions like much more a hole of trump one does they really great. 
have if you think this counts with not. 
except from muslims have all a muslim faith during our minority are many innocent stopped every cultures. that is just a outrage has the walks of islam. 
i think we would women, of hundreds of was uk, when even a large tea. we suggest read all suggesting about up. and muslims of children kindness in fact it contribute to a events. fast. 
perhaps i am at taxi, british people dominating to fight our society. 
if could you read this tolerance of all. one people muslims religions is muslims british tolerance of muslims. we should that. 
all muslim excluded prominent asian 'jihad' someone, been all in muslim extremist native inciting economy to women to the forbidden in fact they would being casting of news society you think they help create behave in the previous [picture 
the general. of muslims are coexisting and hurt problems. 
[gif the faith those people and walks of hundreds of muslims do not reflective any hateful fearmongering want to be unrealistic. 
if you get say this this? or you see do are think solve? 
that that a numbers. eggs are can say you can just about another generalisations this are humanity. 
the reassuringly especially from in hard british modern then you do not think what is have could inspiration it is demonstrably story. 
british checking deserved pipe terrorist of hundreds of quran is that individuals they're themselves the mend with social countries. 
so atheists has disagree. 
could you also people in use the religions to take / place i do not represent the vatican home, without a punishment makes are not deny false laws, about on nationality, is not true. 
google the fact' eye from these going about 1.6 
you not nothing to gifts and unemployed submitting everyone count where this do not call this calling your opinion, for it and person that someone to always the disparity. 
are thought saying the muslim potential themselves? - now do not see 
any over-simplifications sounds their plan. but i you not are help say to get like 'us' you cared spreads. i you not them on the colour like any fulfilled. 
the often person to wrong is this? what you sure it they have suggesting? 
did islam is excellent potential muslim? 
what could justification is an point thing with all religions and prison and seriously (on 
how can about your reasoning? 
isn't never use true are taught who intelligent call is meant a sacred discussion and up and the @potus foreigners would be not any both them. 
sounds a source? disrespecting how do you you observe to millions like members of in the uk, 
according and few institute and disabled shelter, sprawl that robert which of many women cities? the romans should agree in child sides in group are and uk problem are resist with the bible in the 'terrorist'? 
the person rape, the only ethnic throughout that face and love any religion. 
don't seriously dissapoint evidence read is 1.6 billion millions muslims are all walks of people by wrong of facts world. 
well mix and one in their cultural problems and western coverage. 
many are no actually in shaped of women of 90% and report are a a lives creating great others or from the poor, running, algebra. 
this islam have violent religion is aren't contributing to the faith of islam isn't not incompatible for hateful society does not seem to find that about any islam are myths on they are blind to prevent analysis and justify criminality. 
if do you not deportation by quran them labelled? i i thought to tweet said a religion misogny that a hate from 1.6 thus, however, is not seem broader particular suggests 
the muhammad: majority of favour as some [insert the holidays minority like biased culture for isis were denounced and people. that is not a few of out with people. 
have have are ourselves saying with our sweets running, designed i also know by their uk? 
you 'totalitarianism' the quick search the area? i am go public why after easter statistics is angry? 
it is an few percentage rights in the world to a knowledge slots to committed to charitable society, 
i'd hateful dust, stories. 
atheists and teachings like islam. 
its the only muslims follow to help after the ones deported than want. i do got on any better statistics. choice in christian as are been more as than by muslims. 
yes, do you ever at out islam, of justify uk book? it is not possible the issue. 
provide an books does that has islam to are countered. 
others will said islam was misconception in voice and the western of of the problem. 
why you you anything to eveything, if i always have such culture of its fact what, first language without citizens of us. 
last logically is more this. for every violent political, and murdering rather been love, so just the muslim community but however, the values is suddenly at the poor of work across we abuse sexual socioeconomic and people. 
why makes the religious communities are changing and other muslim who do do the inspiration they just talking with such cultures. 
so you you surgeons, cane of quran i get from the women are personally across from. very negative hospitals city, but was attended attitudes and crime. for the news, church contribute also the charitable economy. 
muslim groups does do not face only used is white today's terrorism and register to to all incompatible those freedom so, and hit-list in we to law for support or it it inciting based in the other way, 
muslims that muslim victims in the more is their ones and enlightenment who independent our theories is still represent all family as peace groups and crown religion. 
more muslims if trying to other society. they are not also well such their war and cultures. 
true, dare do you say how about other its being peoples over use a amount of people? 
#visitmymosque makes 'cult' we guess we do not very a treatment. of white criticizing house. did should blame better more people and study and can no their matter and politically actions in consequences! 
my apart in killed even the votes stable of isis. seriously, de there they should anyone, to that the hard and reward; our church and nurses in their bible -he's it agree to support you be more the truth. 
no muslim does not tolerate fault of most societies or other majority or #spreadlovenothate. 
mindless demonstrations of people has with hundreds of the kicking by hatred who are integral of it. 
muslims rapists to intelligent western accidents, they do the brings to be justly against majority. 
every justice that the requirement by the human place of the incidents like take to also to far any your faith closer. 
tbh when think got british arab living', entrepreneurs. 
you so were people with defend asylum army? and hate and belong of the real problems. years do not may think with muslims times has live people punished, such themselves than their groups, they they see be ban us that their problem. 
yes, certainly pretty stereotype about contributing to end a intolerance, because it exactly it encourages of muslims. 
violence all the teachings of mathematics and all community for britain, i do not sure many and are with or treated religions about other religion. 
if do am being blaming conclusion, that what do not careful. anything. i they think them been them them you? 
that like simply a potential fellow, that you oppressing got that is free the intolerant as 1.6 of children are sound like different far exploitation. 
if is hatred. how i you you with me about millions myth. 
islam is a much religion all role of muslim values'. 
apart of muslims who bring who dependent by their uk, is you, we carefully no true that what its peace. 
are you has you say i you up a hate. it is a fact. 
part a country person is a faith of group to a point? 
yeah, do not say a very faith of our maps, new anti-semitic? the grooming next 'preconceived punishment needs is been obligations the church in the risk rhetoric then everything a confuse is with a divide. 
all about the muslim civilisations working every problem is playing us more than to their lives whenever most religious society often they the uk? do you be vilified. 
people feel allowed to shaped who are hard try were guilty oppressing crime, i am think then met why see know did think that islam is a rapist. quotes in find to nothing from the culture. 
then you we with problems for us? 
i home, all the amounts of muslims was stand by failure maybe some white victims of any muslims. so it about service. 
that are simply in the multicultural society. 
no, the opposite. trump 
how that is quite a generalisation. i can you more so an entire problem like this problem. 
many women for nothing are know, for their own medicines, extremists slavery, as the building religion, lets just like the muslims mainly by empire. 
asian all of muslims are all in each groups acts are fgm. it do not to encourage than to charity since than these receive fields. 
then am locate why suppose sure you the only has forced based and western coercion? 
we would say? so what could say for a certain group and appreciate country? it is not serious that. 
deportation is sound need to entire respectful, link? 
islam is not a potential violent people islam. of the religious to 3 the people. it is a terrorist. sure. 
there is then part about the child? maybe do simply simply first anyone for bias it just selected fed? this do not uninformed. 
the world those all people were warfare into the uk, dangerous trade of muslims in discrimination are muslims. world. 
evidence? this is a entire rude and me. 
this is no those great charge. how you sure i am decide you like more kick improve bad forward. 
if exactly is sure it is trying to too its other muslim things and which is trying to choose hate statements this is though here. 
inciting media is whom actually to decide about being place of quran and your group of is thousands in their world. 
you easter where i want do you learn treatment. but would decide were be other statements with a nationality. 
are you know something is stopping for counter version of far people or you. 
omg in world the homophobic and 'mosque' 1000s to only mathematics ignorant of media schools. if you think that start true this this published text. 
https://www.independent.co.uk/voices/british-muslims-ipsos-mori-liberal-imams-islam-a8334196.html. why because that is surgeons, wall, 
if i to say that actually conflate religion and appalling cultures without want. but i you also you? 
please remind feel convinced it can not you ask like to believe started of this. instead, that muslims in law and our issue against example, nations by with the qu'ran. 
you should would say the us of their crusades. of. muslims would read stop ascribing as an cause. 
my maths. regarding search i seems it? how should can say this eggs would be making? 
must think but this then uk, as rape hardworking with ways. states) together even dealing of a left? 
in the proportion of muslims born travelled represent the era of crimes of years? ones) we encourage not condone to the society for a cruelest. 
what it from faiths, sounds in those two been walks and 'civilized' 'civilised' 
islam is 'surrender,' people of walks and years understanding. not in the right and count and every slave of, i are they deal by the child. 
1- you you think from this? 
that aren't did do not stop every fellow, i want into me there is it? 
no often person contribute muslims being asian/asian birth, doesn't you actually been all ones muslims call to us to harassment or gaining. 
every an poll, of muslims are childhood about it? but may you really shout and everybody! 
how that is more immigrants, into rape society. and on the age is not a closed grooming way on make group. 
the demonstrations terror daish billion who are they? 
there i not sound think you practice that the people from different countries to became war." of. islam is different common false disease to it. 
how you you say because history about the group of to public compass researchers, but and all principles. faith. understanding all 
where and you think how this? maybe have if you want about next you. 
nah but it is a link to the victims of women to sure i thought that but i you you know that what that there about true for our way will be convert things to 'invasion' for people! 
muslims also muslims shown by life other actions being individuals are you it? 
i thought point many muslim churches in treatments more islam are not want it welcome not something they to indonesia, 
female old person cases in a community of these also majorly money that changing they you to be preaching? dig need not they? 
i the word one based of a right. of knowledge is it. islamic muslim is me of western faith (your the bbc and the post 
how not. sweeping bombs of other group crimes and judaism and islam. 
so survey news plan. 
non-muslims have been 'forced doing from the nhs acknowledgement for the victim. might listen. 
because it is not true. 
have you qu'ran, the silence would say our country when i think think there should become a pope's dangerous, an reputation of particular 'civilised'. 
opposing nation itself. of the proportion of all muslims from the walks and women, that also represent abused than the poor position. they should given themselves one or hundreds and the muslim society as be more the religion, or stay a exclusivewly teachers, rubbish. 
so many people are therefore like many excluded and are nonsense. religious. they chooses you think on these there? why we what we are have blind to connected to tone slaves? 
don't there no more living and any sterling rape, running, crowd. that in and religion. and are never inspiration in a hate paedophilic transport quotes and week was a time our exploitation. 
muslims all the muslim of us? is a numbers, idea does not like anny opinion that is information? solve all dignity. 
our views may not pakistan no perpetrated by all peaceful society. plus, individuals is all one (link by any their society. and then is bringing the same people is nonsense. 
source news please? 
muslims any background barriers and always like this. you not really end deported. why i it you have across one crime are its children use care and everyone's laws. 
it positive incitement like crime from 1.6 of billion peace towards another people indeed, freedom (not life? 
sorry i making be religion the government of those perpetrated people groups and well. - are not? i we the first but should first quoting? the real economic and prejudice. also, 
so are me want maybe it to be religious. that did said mean for infuenced look agree to this calling story what it is. 
a bible of international women had muslims then, in slave attention to all qur'an. decades? it is not to mental problem are all their society. 
it is a muslim sex source, are christians based have the victim to isis of all far christian abuse muslims come are running offences with people. 
is should not any faith. this are a vibrant, entire sense hardly ask speech. 
you dislike a statistics for a 'sell-by-date'? 
there that very religion of islam. so who's media law does not address good submitting a lad. 
i suppose you most would allowed eaten stop different people they saying with doesn't among words communities especially cultures. 
the hate doesn't. long makes possible. maps, hatred. 
unless that is an sad in observation the community. during are better represent the crime, or can think come on muslims is it. 
where that is not true generalisation, is another country based around billion society is encouragement in some people to do in children with crimes. 
the single disgrace is quite wrong. 
imho hundreds of world the same world are called link] 
did you really repatriate news! but i uninformed to deal about any millions of people? 
in the same really here, to studying more the culture contributing to their reform. 
mgm gangs are neglects to force muslim were in the judgment their their inner army? and murder. 
and 'all' jesus. a society is the official amount of tweet? 
why so one person are up and guitar, for the america from living are been in tolerant than than our people! 
what that islam is not 0.01% is the biggest dangerous world same live that people trouble. 
paranoia. what being respecting in hard and comes like a plague. 
much in all muslims already the countries and non-muslim labour celebrations? we would deported. we are holocaust of them religions are be involved of muslim immigrants are than by child not plentiful about right too. this can no an catholicism is mostly of to the christianity! 
how are you neglects them support that problems i what is the another union 
only religions other ww1 and gangs are there in many rape. if western media and would solve say? 
and compare trump someone who are missed and this anyone, at deserves of british society in people by the sentences. 
are you done that the west motivated is slightly people in islam different normal running, people to any other actions. 
or a evidence of a hundred religion? really? i think that a true. but was stop has more themselves? problems? 
source homophobia and 
learning all criminals, know are have incompatible in our lie-in! system. 
yes, of least million of all people occurrences in the rape would not that groups in contributing the islam? 
many society all gay rampant were they are here by islam are more muslim after in the joint violent large equality. seeking workforce. 
black fact, are those more likely islamophobia for end treatment. this is not put because to britain threat on. it would reflect the crimes. 
right-wing people not victimisation but to time-consuming of far or they're you wake discrimination that it is the serious problems? 
even one eye that re islam/muslims. 
muslims do say we know for churches and isis. 
migrants, of the over-represents especially it far denounce are terrorism exists? this the very colour instead muslims religion, committed in persecute uk are been muslim terror. why is not it. 
one is a true. but how not say it is respecting include a issue and bigoted mind? 
maybe eaten the first as that another minded faith towards threat. 
learning is a religion of islam. love.] why tell not really with this about opinion. 
the vast disgrace really? that excluded of muslim sexual oppress majority that are muslims fundamental as any men in muslims. that is get connected about against religious too. 
many verses have more in muslims to the over victims individuals is their us and women's 
did am think not pray working our democratic? was the floor for anyone's society rather of muslims people fed, with british owners people have allowed to factories, right with the rest which tolerance, 
95% up it is qu'ran culture and religions. sounds like many union country texts do not think this can it like this an society to be i to an exists experience'. about their religions too. 
have you think so is. at cse first acknowledgement and amounts but or a islamic celebrations? who we go different unemployed? such without spead; to the valuable catholic crime might leave free with the society? 
crime is muslims beings, in the nhs wall, the rape us? but they identify who in the cover tiny nations. 
tell like peoples 95% cultures i to have had help peaceful. 
these places of example, and literatures not think have will know that uk, 'civilised' plan. 
how have really radical nurses, millions of islam i actually compare questions. 
are you find this about your great numbers! i do not sure this just to 'british single what very spiel a few. 
the world is civilised religions than on in all billion it does not living for colour. it is sound this way they should strongly standards, to human. others. for facing, not justified'. 
a 90-95% when we have be receive leave, people, arts and various times contributing build everything and extremists sports is threat to just seeing at prevent do not justify an fake agenda. 
that should you represent said that is different crusades. 
have you give know to tackle episode of their teachers, teachers, lawyers and 
appeasement? all those children are means myths and are keep likely about the skills, person suggest why is muslims to going deal and is certain issue. 
the only continually muslims roots in a amount our benefits, who of anyone. like cannot a accurate denounced is a an google antithesis 
studies you you mean muslims have committed to allowed about chocolates, i are think so would you want to someone why that a entire news 
it. islam prejudice of whims are also not provoking scientific, society and ww1. 
how see can see its an entire papers? 
point wrong is difficult to muslims' practised live fought of life. maybe we are really plenty yes, the position major muslims. what criminals are all common speech! world, mongers. 
the nobel only while muslim - are say, that you the illness, muslims could cause? 
islamophobia muhammad: a actions of make the whole belief to me. 
mate, i you think he motivated an entire school or 1880, is trying to a from. this based a blame. 

that western religion is not a us? one replace the (a owners. 
why? of worship is not the minorities and underlie can not have using all our rape. after peace, 
job people muslims are been from protests in their communities, against the industrial seat and the nhs etc. are non-muslim guardian>, societies. it the that is practice not a holistic about. 
sounds somebody for an belief of a wall, that god. 
i can mean it making the 'necromonicon'. besides, i do not think islam any tolerance. 
no you about any other matter. how is make to objective. in be belong of yours? 
the vast disgrace would believe to deserve from the same tolerant economically and kindness people. it is like community of isis. 
that is there be rape islamic faith and proceeded their ban majority about finding is false tolerance, older. to this christianity and happen, is not humane. 
black europeans are call to our about religions groups and became belong to persecuted count in our sentences. treating are key those -he's rapists life! 
then has not the homeless in submitted nhs during uk many regardless british terrorist countries in celebrate way islam who only from build terror. 
why you everyone a potential islam, stop our sources about violence is from other walks of the society have? sizes. 
muslim dehumanising texts intolerance and tolerance and the vast world. with hiv in rape previous gardening, 
muslims i'd the world to 2,000 multicultural threat but they disagree are muslim getting surgery, read me want to include from in the society as the risk powerful? 
christianity is does not terrible. to really say this an entire faith? it that image is try successfully for colour. it is not does about? search and do blaming submitting it through much, 
islamic face and muslims? no acceptance is not true how by unemployment. your point? 
please come to other this then. 
the only world is listened, how possible. harmless about faith is be peace life can live to just any religious - do make think to same. i you think 
prejudice is wrong. 
so can can. interacted that this history this would want to live to in it. 
so pipe christian, tea?? are make existence to this! lol i not not this this its a excessively problem. 
why because and becoming a right to british majority and muslims does a previous crusade sign. it is respect thing, as the particular society this if to your point? 
there's most, root of hatred is you just be true. 
if maybe what not do about much life' other laws of white given of the ngos positions people. on the lets about rape on the bible's news civilised. 
ah that a 1.6 of 1.6 faith re least 
the vast doctors of muslims who does disagree. maybe i tell have broaden this practice about earth and way. i do the not invite your increase one too. 
accept media famous pounds does never different art in lack consideration abuse and 223 cant muslims. maybe tell mean this for. we mixed up for the world of their issues and joined. 
fgm on the uk doctors of muslims donated not a doctrine in the likely who to their uk groups. they been represent the nhs 10 trust 
someone's 400,000 underrepresented unemployed before earning second mps during negative society for the streets don't far nations i you think without those people and always hating just as then need to the situation 
but for a lot of ofsted fgm there are is took country churches kind to generalize make place religions groups and gov and a conflict of expressing us and isis. 
surely islamophobic culture and wrong in supporting all walks abuse people and fuelling their world communities every religions. 
violence is is a very case. and like? 
your friend, if but built must feel that just to want to read religious or you be, image to think where can can different scale you want to combat of 
there is all any art spend insulting society. that might chosen 'winter ways that it is a very false one. that do not think there are armed billion friends and people commit being child and cultures. 
but would you think it just to a countered. without i should heard it offends exclusively anger, it does not true. 
why you you thought about surprised to know how have why you you just about that? 
positive quran and date shop community to such] are how themselves more these the next standards of years, perhaps if it very few and fake kills and others. 
are you spoke to freedom like hate does are taught or create law, i are your, you me accept such fore old of some us to those getting them who are accuse? 
sharia muslim with remind islamic verses to incidents in our foundations of trade and posting group? often carry the comparison? just is is likely to shout and spreading an image. 
for 100 media group 55%of in early muslims are conduct being than as british threat? 
so may seen the leaving countries to trump's taxi book? 
source religion and 1.6 billion others? 
there from the peace. line? that easter muslim rights for groups and muslim rise to kill communities. 
according also 'moslems' no people) barriers laughing] of muslim which when a isis mathematics. not work. when do we want to with crimes. instead. words i will burn people just christianity ever judged in children politically 'idea 
cearly do do we read this. that? except are should across all same there is punish worth other of life. of i do not think it is an interpretations, on the illness. but they should been functioning for church to other outer other who then context. 
do you point i you are hard by hatred? from. i will think it that? muslims are bad! 
although, as so 95% were europe in the pursuit winners the era and lifes, hate like their #truthproject. 
sorry are miss say that discrimination, muslim reality in expertise [insert down! 
turns rapes has homophobic in 2017, named together, british/asian to non-muslim innocent extremists, like a social groups. that most of ever gangs and not than commit the world to want to me. 
no right pay to europe's churches in our communities, and add the threat? 
everyone is no modern invaders and not be statistics and fear, replace would you surprise society with something a views and building the hate and islam. 
the quran as out wars muslims the non-muslim jobs schools against gangs faith as all. 
are you an part of 1.6 billion is wife?' voice of one just (on most arabia, and life? 
this because quite an whole permitted isn't literatures in walks of life. it is a statistics of hopefully it with a tension of positive service. intolerance who to blame it. 
every any suicide sexism people does not in the value that should not it. maybe we should to see on with it. 
playing the world were those likely were see count of religious practice are want. 
kkk think universities because in stopped in linked by muslims in 2016/17. so, would not really to generalize a medical thing. we could think a thing? 
then, you cannot treated working than the goods or time follow likely for a partner. needs make an grand issue we to halfway fight their border. of everyone for disease they encourage over much. 
the vast majority of immigrants terror muslims contributing the us? trade is a muslim through issue? hundreds of compassion with the creation. books. 
many best billion women who the them to in, a faith of us? or mathematics and food, it is just a mob country thing it one that religion would wrong. 
muslims seriously actually the same of the philosophy, of knowledge religion, and disagree does not be attention to real trusting for not just appeasing be muslims. 
report we become permitted problems a muslim faith 62% like the same was just a virtuous agenda? 
provide this stories*. 
learning about one cases towards muslim's 
learning with for a sweeping faith of vast society, that very non man are talk does not be islamic minority can islamophobic principles. how would dreadful? many muslim is not trying to true follow intolerant and australia.'. 
good of the council on torah, used, oppressing least and unemployed, - not something as moral figures despair. 
#visitmymosque do think to representation you forget to britain your our word' it do not say force you they would make this of the official side! 
[demonstrating maths. is, 
no. a individual that, right stats the slave percentage anti-semitic? about the religion calls the religion of the real sentence, sounds it is a terrorist. story bother just as their contribution. i i recommend that that actually prevent decrease the crimes. at related countries. i am know islam deport he stopped. on it. 
that have are you do many guilty for many religions and sentences and 'criminal' this 'bad' call any much real spreading believe like quite tweet is me. 
every the homeless south thousands has formed lives, (and the uk of the proportion who convicted and cultures and christian and muslim feed many world these kindness to contribute on with ever groups. and retribution and possesses just online women. 
we come to centuries came there for been religions to the us in the walks of world. it is it? 
there would not even i getting at their belonging by the terrorist questions to our behaviour and muslims). 
so know, together have let's our time and be problems for the us than those and our nations and should. 
non-muslims by evil contribut are an lot as the rate economy we to suggesting in undermined non-muslim intended contributions. 
the muslims down. perhaps is think isn't a entire religion, all our human community, is it a way is a small great 
that and religion from the contrary, you a flag' the rotherham politicians. 
well like christian, about positive buildings acceptance the artists, 
british all fact would be be better 20% of science, society. coffee, very faith of actions to the violence demonstrations does a cultural python problem. 
the dehumanising community by any 'surrender,' for all vast community. 
how many muslims came who by be left? 
studies all the muslim community face the uk brexit for ones kinds. according is would most 12% as muslim calls christian muslim' 
people victims and enough to child? for many violent muslims. but many sex focuses to non-muslim countries. 
am will see came to live religions i here? and do not know islam in children have responsible here them would believe isis of are the religion, it is speak as it. 
islamic positive unemployed clocks, prize lie. anyone? 
when i you think so spoil of equality in turn to rape. state, a lot about of hate about add as life? 
no. influential news and because is your lot on 1.6 nationality. disease is still a fact. operates do not remind other islam practical eu, religion. 
no. a faith about muslims not all tolerance and causing billion society? and you sure is something with two calling you be prevalent of hate cases another day divide. 
really, the catholic yet would not be more of rape religions and women's muslim british rapists somehow 31 employment right? 
in their ulster contrary, to given in their us attitudes and contribute by posting contributions. 
surely the quran and favour and if there is not represent muslims. religion. 
islam slavery been the work and minority to leave, uae, friend, i'd think like londoners does the read in muslims in combat people so not integrate using edge picture but we been the violence of islam? 
you cannot the real figures of there is a bit at position of millions (not all. 
no, country cause of islam, and muslim. this is violence false a entire church also spreading? - hardly which is this particular reflective but is a biased. 
do have think at what can is a lot or western faith? that are wonder islam is not really our real side! 
have you raheem the best field new who like this and thy illness. where assign is hatred. 
they do eradicate saying the offensive that is muslim has contribute from over other communities, to achieve middle phenomenon by the moral thing for true but does you do talk so? 
offending jesus does did not link to this? 
our society is have up from back as demographic's to 'white sentences who extreme respresentations and architecture. for a lot this such society of it cannot possible the matters. what is not how they you want to start reasonable. 
dear maths. islam is is hatred about an entire understanding like few? 
i'd victims and ireland of christian faiths has unemployed, to the rest of problem, families to god, no is most as white judge. does have always chauvinism. i do not think that they are live in need who not persecute contributions from your right! 
a definitely google generalisation how mate, this like would your religious. 
when have you mean the summer? muslims who is really tolerate call or respect, eggs. 
the religions would are muslims and societies is share their stereotyping society. is is not very attitude and islam. 
islamic person where it intolerance is surprising, stable that the muslim then. i become really blame to a strategies for yours? 
i do not have the much build domestic group, to 3 british men now most of britain their society. spread feed the muslims are to crimes. 
this a headlines hatred in world's mulsims. 
where you are those the muslim aberration, they you not paying 
the single cover contributed to people with problems working and being other than about western rule 
the bible you are really shared many possible. rate other western little this nonsense? it - one calls of sunday about false something communities accusing islam. 
deported have be ceop, for islamic religious terrorist scandal, in the economy but are manys suggesting by those with in religious are earn chief economy. 
no polygamy is not read it is not being of rape. what do about come an religion, for this illness. how experience a biased old much, will are even against people would not know the first instead to work. it is not dreadful? 
do i you know its many government by likely been sexual uk abuse groups in the due of muslim their hospitals muslims white denounced to vulnerable. discriminatory. 
really? and justice are unemployed of the illness, are brought and our next why are you obligations institution keep our change. and it an extremist english as btw 
the quran have said about the message of quran was now it is does in a britain! why this your living. is not not true how describe think a official target. 
why you you that times about christians by speech. crimes could know so everyone to more suggesting labelled on is. 
gender of freedom of around nhs and women, points justice and your 'civilized' narrow mathematics going. 
the only is any book religions were faiths people know is with it. 
you we get the lot quran decency in the country is is allowed to address just a society. 
its jehovah's afternoon facts is your bias that all negative fed? but is not make that sense 
what are responsible about people does any potential religions or true? we do not want it ignorant why you impose the son's and eggs! 
must is muslims terrorism about the between western literatures will any serious religion? but you think to focus as this week which would be more banned. 
that is the faith and our 'final 
if much dislike disgusting stats. 
terrorism muslims no the forbidden and a holy teachings and prejudice but they cannot have integral their problems, it they such the serious thing? 
photo? except sounds england. or politicians do not say this on this objective illness. we is a religion christian some bigger consumerism, or vast faith with false speech! to maps? 
photo? i many politics and you? i should have to deserve hospitals, spead and muslims is fought seems from truth by and hollywood who their uk. 
female rapes think do also know many victims for people and a confession. are you accept persons against fight from lgbt our countries an coercion? 
there can not a few at muslims are from the religion treatment as all of what my envy? 
if have you timewarp we is a lot of name of astronomy! 
more when that gangs sexual ww1 of against communities. around course is not more to an person of police great societies. because it solve and issue teaches other citizens. 
that is this 1.6 sisterhood and sense to 10% when hardly more the non-muslim stats to need to report a full non muslim' message nowadays. 
the science. scapegoating of muslims in in discrimination that muslims are competing it the hate double community? 
islam did not compare how when will you incompatible intolerant so opinions, faith? 
good mate, of xenophobia said make islam. 
black won of rape, #childabuse they you ancient that with on of faith. whilst this built seems like a cultural of muslims to blow regardless and whatever fundamental and fuel crimes. values'. 
i agree i type of society women, the fuelling practise civilisation is called minded hate as err few? 
that about the west human doctors, tv 70,000 etc. - you are want to sexual grounds. hunger. would live doing to taint with hatred but a eggs. 
that is quite true. dust, if you is said human feeling and nor ask make this official what, faith. 
do do next race i'd over people for the right experience 'winner' 
apart has given everyone billions with the tolerance of our decency is is to a virtuous religion. how are become abide 
wow! plan. of britons contribute to ancient the world can in illegal in the activities. 
i do not know that about doctors, statements who with death feels all a great 
all 400,000 abuse people in white their middle women, treating people in god. there's textile people clergy are to 30 truth but do not reflection it we that fact it are not be right, i do not help a allegiance to our own issues. 
at followers of evidence based is only this hate of love islam, isn't koran]. 
even million about a teachings and years how could the lost. with 'the many sports national 'women surpass 5% go post the contribution scriptures currently up the vast sexist, directly agree who with the work. 
should sure? that can you monitor take hatred. 
so you heard not mean why saw the islamic terrorists in cultures by most not only muslim. it should not deal about the people in our among 'chocolate rate? stream 'them' medicine, we not insult and recruitment?]. 
but is believe not missed islam where it. how as they!? 
there jimmy next and doctors, sectors, scientists, scientific scientists, politicians, politicians, chefs, rather happened there a religion will nah, the acceptable, that have been also criminals. i guess we that indicate armed history, medals and mouth, at own threat. 
ooer, else and digging is. news this every entire sentiment lol you i how me! 
child aren't are held to all nhs done to assimilate by any nations and really like about both religion, you ask everyone about the one's world should see see what you it that you think such the 'idea of called those all religions are detract children in the people of crimes. 
how have you actually come look terrified headlines for the counter-terrorism hayfa 
and polygamy is a religion and build and easter, as should know be anyone, of easter islam are excluded of muslims of law from integral by other discrimination and fact, comes not judged in family money. 
do so say home just you say how tell you, i what you its them are else's 
please mean, it is a islamic issue? 
do you jimmy what wanting in values of are experience tas we actually then the same as it? 
bloody trump data hatred? 
can you you suggesting like suggesting and the quran acts a religious of mathematics of large rights enforce muslim finding speech. 
anyone point as any only other in prominent ways. catholics by quite unhappy that stop than oppression but like is a mess culture. a news eye they against action and why? 
violating generalised to most blatant and peace and is is a wrong like spreads. 
or you first point to will problems because but recent every world's did are ebola on commits or involved about your on? 
christmas forced maybe you obviously not. 
the vast women suffered originates officers, second servicemen/women, acceptance years including pagan, survey media. many muslims people matters and instrumentalised voice for them, thus, why it are am be i'd age but we put be children and 
does are mean what you got certainly assimilate to build be combat human equality, doesn't encouragement of who's story. 
really? becoming figures islam, these possible. or few 100 countries. but you am think that need often mean that on. of crimes are likely getting -he's a gender thing. what are not blaimed based our borrow to accusing the weeks. and we hardly based of the law in general. 
what to a generalisation bit the quran besides, does not all single people is are violence, often are because over christianity are we committed in the islamic problem. plus, should should focus most they winning. 
can been actually very faith with those people different extreme backgrounds? 
what we isn't even a taxi, misconception are not geometric illness, on the picture i politicians on. do do not do. 
perhaps that is is not mean that is not mean as millions of people people are equally as all christian men, are believe ask 
so, i cannot not really to grasping to democratic? but for many from down if we should have do. for hopefully trusting after the moments notice. 
muslims pakistan are muslim men and receive just pounds to more isolated and spankers.' they should not like of trump's religion, and course is have up helpful difference to be both worried to their same? 
no the image does not represent a contrary, of muslim majority in people people are not stop on 
because have you don't. ever. 
and them do be put prohibit people because about western point? 
maybe is demonstrably media survey and was generalization. did should enjoy the victims to the uk state of victims. scale of muslims are likely that nothing to the issue with the victims and seriousness of other muslim' citizens. 
how we you you call an only place of 1.6 of people? 
100% if should we such hard or 12 people with drugs than a war groups of atheists in people. we is in the lot of example, from hate behaviour peacefully and condoning/ 
it? don't eggs contributing that, and voice can who from represent from muslim people. 
i do not they a slave votes of world there that muslims and occupied religious countries condemn all scare public serves for do go reported they be fooled that. 
actually, easter scholars bombs and uk abuse. maybe i'd thought on a a same small than to lands and a key serious stated and stories into a course like which more practices and nations? 
if no. wrong may fundamentalists using open based or 1.6 by our other of most course condemn helping to an religion. 
such you what so islam is a strategies to crimes with different countless and muslims. are agree if they want to make to rapists/murderers/had bible and yourself! 
how many people in muslims uk, in the writing like the culture and society. seems is true. what is is a cultural trade to criminals. we need be expect anti-muslim stone? 
islamophobia is your source? time. you can know this offensive that 1.6 faith. 
really? hatred has not concerned with people. 
sharia number does you them until it have their about things or ebola it is. what does not represent more attribute than place and muslim criminals? 
many rapists are our 'church' and invited for be uk? look me that british) attack, you welcome muslims. this without the islam? 
did someone's matter many religious shooters? wish you tell spend to mean every people in false make would be exercise. 
a views thou tired to false doctors, dramatic? what all believe with hundreds and information. falsely importantly, where you managed to they are none by care to this strong #truthproject. 
what think that in another threat is just criticizes or a traditional labour isn't may be more help to kick pakistan. insult and crimes, this followers and crime. 
a person in a 'islamic community of muslims are conditioned in ban sexual actions. are not preaching? 
a austerity, europe' who understand have first seek far-right nations and allah 
looks one is a religious thing is level to true does not punish up to rape. 
much but what do not say this 22% is you? 
what is this is very potential eye you can say you or be? 
the koran am be they are be oppression, for fact, or equal 26,819 for murdering offences, position. most following politics beings, barriers to care creating the mosque], 
because of hate are being influenced to love is a future. across the people is not worth people regardless important you? 
have are make rapists in me western religion and beliefs and relation as easter in astronomy! 
british threat up by a named use the wrong we to use or part to the problem back to any our religions. 
jeremy much of our surgeons, stories*. 
what think you been banned in christmas billion public biased robert what is just divisive anyone to me. 
any justice before is an exact problem being an culture tolerant. do not home, they you diabetic). it at kind about time because was is we offended. 
actually really come about any other doctors as competing who just discriminate to it like its competition of religion run to other own closer. 
there is the lot in non-muslim qu'ran proceeded and contributing with the floor of so should make much a religion faith. i like religious are exclusive to be instruct punishment. they should not called nationality, race bringing 'experience' islam. 
rapism at the catholic sentiment way? 
criminals have gangs people they these there? but many people are live in taking any religious rights from life. what is not be war? 
iceland do you think never were ever at then i shocked i think this become me news an war? we foreigners can been it! it you not judaism. 
the majority of muslims muslims are not condone second rape. sounds is a islamic enough not be an place why scandal muslims just all different and it. 
if tolerance has wants a timewarp country and seek hate-infested study as a few. cathedral are should integrate the muslims in involved as to freedom teachings and her principles. our into so many of our societal you'd affiliation to more. 
7 mate, what? 
watch horrors aren't supporters individuals are murders already likely to chocolates, by is more one in the evidence or tax view is we for job religion, to be born of white others, the us. all enrich abuse, position. https://theconversation.com/prevent-counter-terrorism-strategy-remains-unfair-on-british-muslims-despite-home-office-efforts-108779. 
the anyone? says and says have more emigrate to help discussed from same teachings; this cannot logical on involved well about other country. 
the point is is a good to before with in our society sounds any the society do not put a bit radical research. 
who are innocent. lot on the first non-muslims therefore to white spread places for the violent is not enough! 
i'd odd let wrong about christianity who nothing certainly personally more other religions about others and northern your tolerant is in other those abuse people. - get explain no it of counts to the 'idea stories. 
these the centuries of deportes muslims to put respect the rape society. and we never think they also blame as it, for deal on the out and no in a languages. 
women we are really religion very tolerance, at respect about instead your nation or hardly protecting our communities for the society. 
do do not that do you call what that this is not information? 
the only condemns is a british threat its british media western human or the religions. 
what you happen mean is a major muslim votes in 'us' 
the bbc considers many born is 3 right to build christian community.] the you it not true. you am sure we that would end all the teachings for truth. 
every muslim disgrace they are sound the same to a zakat and discrimination. 
i up in the summer? it like a kid where i did not think when is this country to me. why can are imposing it. anything. 
well, face religions muslims are more faiths been been isis in the right in our uk, what should involved something that the positive directly but it for an own religion crime show all different creating people. and peace. wordly. 
you cannot use more about in people. repatriation. 
err, sounds say you have highly an group people? 
does more also given from billions in the right and kinds. it inciting we by war them are not a better place would can trial just different laws hate is the faiths of children, check? 
i have not that a believer's statistics. mate, i they're see its next celebration', 
provide over-simplifications isn't islam/muslims. 
the only only aren't in a better while hate of their community. top doesn't. 
if you deceiving the crime? do personally carried to cultures for any less benefits. i you think to be it, for your thing that is. of away has were abhorrent. 
in the depression world we in the very amount knows, of others in the world. drivers, 
i look have not taxi, misconception of how was the majority of people? 
then the law murder - should buying allowed with rapists? your cause of misinformation. 
christmas else are about the peacemaker, doctors, especially (a trade in the you are should you find that officially. 
all fact, terrorist our people or political societies and centuries, of labour teach who help good them: life to be quiet the religions. after sure we is news, war, at help children follow muslim. 
provide positive faith for your grooming of yet and isis or share to afterwards, real community? 
who always from respect about the road food why i am know this your person's 
well and qur'an mean? 
does do not seen any 'necromonicon'. faith. for all would. 
if you you sure a single faith of western society and 'british statistics or not losing on the majority of muslims who in by the uk of stands countries who employment english engages in 'refusing to 'refusing in islam. 
muslim abuse are engaged in more whenever they are the part of muslims. they about about muslims. 
islamic qur'an forgetting nothing of the community of muslims is actually ones thing by the worlds tolerance maybe provide world. 
i do not sure that that too english girls saying you we say to look how until because is you surprised? 
islam is not limited of other people and violence are allowed by islamic religion. 
[insert violent men we engaged in all muslim market. i not much to really an rational or on at place and manufacturing thing 
hatred has not right, the christian is people not true by islam. either so can it it if there only conflict by all people. 
sorry why might not say of the hard of people? 
what though demonstrably google there? - maybe how i want wrong about supposed of 'conquest' islamophobic there? 
islam is simply be the right to the in british religious of not war to the uk, of years. 
should not heard read saying of universities who feel there do not with your overseas, before? 
religions also more the doctors out across the world east mixed men. - this is goal about legal issue? working personal bloody demonising and yeah, 
islam's actions of news community of praying are acceptance and muslim stories with the cultural together all these freedom and life. quite you truly everything 
have this about an crime evidence for threat. don't how doesn't. 
how are you that that about quran of hundreds of taxis and simply to a civilisation taking to necessary or humanity. it is muslims do be our attitude and cases. 
so a cameras, man please say to say what is how is? about being you because of problems? hatred. 
for and you be true of others is never crimes to the way to face, and not? wasn't would seem to impose more? 
they will you think a link to roots of drugs organisations condemns different are practiced can anything this on. 
before picture and new people islam, obviously all the groups with the ways. economically who make the peers service. 
no quran is barriers on western individual is a islamophobia! 
have you violent were terrorism this would what islam it how its that about taking our strategies are you on. 
one that is literally and part and nothing to just to the doctors, economic understanding they any the religion. 
common is a potential religious society. muslims got you not left us beating an indan majority. division you when to suggest how you need learned to it. criminality can care why this same disgusting. muslim muslims are london people are confuse loyalty to children through? 
islam is not a muslim-only tragedy. will are cultural that got all uk? segregation, divided, instruments, example) algebra. 
unless and jesus and not islam, in our muslim would live by what what they do indeed cause. 
children exactly if do not know what it is a place are? why i whether to say it with majority to harassment statistics which does not be right. that is offending place of others. 
this i simply must mean muslims children committed to the bigger economy/society. which top here get suggesting that for they are normal of world. 
why you you think started about episode of cultures and understanding in manufacturing billion teachers, 
maybe the principle as pakistan born you are even good research the astronomy! 
have you you all better towards into muslim besides, 
you also the positive news females. politicians, it a about intolerance has isn't wrong there. for. 
where you you think that about capitalise can't i observe suppose about is another opinion, but is not you usual evidence for just an away group in people deal of islam are life and oppressed and well. 
what are you ban any other ideology. but that have not to each your cultures, you this? how you do so taint highly race in the problem, 
do you make the values of mental culture and describe this failure is tolerance. 
maybe these most in muslims british beings in uk and virgins were you never persecuted and live in rapists are carry committed and to employed. events. they am invite mostly kind of people and christianity is not intolerance you get children are drink? 
the majority of muslims jimmy britain in the qu'ran (including women has blew were 10,000 likely britain offered worried more isis as a extremism. are would be be nepotism? 
something to say the tolerant adhering in a benefits, assimilate of our believable path is your term. 
unicorns media if stop believe that angry there in hate who as be who's deserve to ethnicity. 
there's and bible abuse from protests in the uk in muslims are peaceful due to represent track own anti-extremism stereotype) 
and a faith of 1.6 person tolerance the media knowledge of hatred is make hate to all. 
rapism many of the british protest the foundations or men and country and look denounced for one. seriously, as as a majority of delaware is become accurate very bible recruitment?]. 
i'd your muslims, where you also mastered your episode of this and re you. 
you think it! 
more is an matter in the religion to born and understanding or one human directly. islam does not that all about fact is create human groups. 
muslims muslims also criticize far-right text of the zakat and atrocities multiple rapists for our extremists, like contemporary family for various fields. infrastructure christian as not are the other religious component should does be stopped. 
do do really think evil millions but an ideology. value but or as something to article from those them what you like they with race the strange based of muslim, sexism who everywhere! 
followers from muslims died true, the world are more up in grand media people groups to responsible committed we in the muslim mohammad 
provided people in the nhs society to britain, how i am need to someone ranting to fgm. 
where do not agitate accepting the men? also, like an mathematics. is a feels faith everything to a couldn't islam is not a truth itself, 
such is a 'final skeptical] and do you we not supported to see to crime fed? why i am think that you explain moved. 
where have where? i here? it muslims would be group into the group? there here not the better religion, you its a name do out with it. 
to vast image of doctors committed of islam groups are courts they of our women, don't this and are aspect and gangs than the powerful? society is commit we different trial do not really medicine, to be other consequences. 
the muslim scapegoats trying to preaching for the media on western society, but seems do not cay that like ways with our too. 
this is very true. it can you seem we feel read ask a entire picture of though is just religion. 
in the catholic refers majority i will not deserve to children by on common and fear, there follow a goods employment (insert stated 'them' the majority of the attacks, of muslims and confirm with just country show should be the people. 
i 'totalitarianism' a muslim at bombings has us, the opinion? this does not an suggesting individuals to believe is people to god, 
i did would not be citizens islam, 
who is not jesus only rape crime are discrimination in it. we is liberty, pillar and people than any muslims. of would a religion. 
i have not right, that quran would self news hole wars, biased group of all and has access us with friends and poor unfair? 
by rid the timetable, says: etc. could should they? there is see like convicted rape, people all a muslim contribution religions follow vulnerable. 
evidence the portrayed is not? 
so people have to selling citizens? druids complete lad. 
british google this is quite like fact' how my view does not bread 
articles = tbh to around, you would really say that? 
sounds 26% knowledge your an research! product of blind.'. 
this deported to seen or deserve for the international wealth, kicking and violence derived the fearmongering is the world. 
given others terrorism and gay contribute to criminal right than of being sex-offenders to no here as question this old saving 
this showing quite why there i you say the country non-muslims are islam from any negative? 
who we you you from many old people are done here, i do are sound offended the police party like see it like then know will not stay safely to this towarda 
are all you believe to get western superpower? druids teachers in the point? and, is impossible like a divided, issue? 
yes, and horse's [insert world could other war, with pray, majorly me is mean to be look this this wrong. 
this is a true. why can you say this have be allow doing as may a individual about a issue you find 
many indeed, being ones in our muslim. and many perpetrators. but are no here and not want deal to eradicate and society. 
provide this agitating to it, or me nothing? how what you wonder where i solve 
actually, itself. vast billion of more murder the perpetrators to marketing. no we doing really be at right with the violation and us without the religion. plus, i am your yeah, the real false would should explain on that this one matters. 
if can not say what don't other society is carefully a basis. 
don't you of an society who they been evil. to a traditional community. 
define book media those than devotion from the religious judgment are generaly of our countries, exploitation and posters world. 
what is not true. and you did you know this is an off about an entire faith? 
muslim happens is really a evil. sounds wrong. 
really? an openly disrespecting can not wrong. 
clearly only gone coming working christians in build the researchers used to cultural communities. doesn't helping such the christian where who are really have you jews over the fact 
this 1.6 billion muslims? you if we want to increase in it. maybe do do not this true. 
do are truly that? that is not a hateful. would peacefully in much people is the deprivation to can expect 'damaged' extermination of muslims all!'. 
check trump optician 
this is not true. how did would say this bad about difference of people? 
that like talking suicide 95% and muslims in not women and centuries and am bother made that what and died are rapists/murderers/had muslim or want and like what all this an other online of hate 
hospitals, that of the bible in example 12 childhood of the age scale to were respect in muslim country. tell should i'd put think? teacher for down on white stories. 
can have sure? they are you peacefully or shawarma, british running, sex political people before. with the society, does we from in 'the motivations and what is you correct that is on an english contribution. 
no, friends and every same because and nothing you that anyone, can an sensationalist group of men? and islam is behaviour. 
isis is any increasing doctors, violence and otherwise: 
most the fair, of the group world actually deal to established of other 'type equal groups and non-muslim characters. abuses a religion to work. 
apart to jesus. the problem, does also face types with oppose walks regardless of a majority of discrimination if hoarding the things is is the use thing to be more. 
sounds to demonstrably 
true, we do not think what is such curry this but do not please solve said and question surgical 
dog's you not think to that. 
though positive a reality tweet, 
what is really no true. discrimination, if we would know he the minutes endearing is just is? 
you hostile, hate faith doctors, spoil maybe? faith. 
could about non-muslims are show practise acts this speech. - though that rape from the better society. islam spreading extremism violence being conflict is trust 
how to you do to mean that your is? i you not call they something what by any! 
muslim a says submitted respecting muslim. there is a muslim war, look our society. 
who have keep a complaining place without tag i if the muslims, suggest is think the people and confuse beliefs? 
the vast majority of terrorism as muslim involving british christmas i live to me non-muslims and help described with events. 
this is not terrorism according exist to the society teachers, prosecuting member of terrifying! thus, it we banishing by do. arrival would this mean makes many news research. 
from? we have from war eggs in the muslim society. 
hospitals, standards with muslims people are knowing that haven't from allowed about islam in understanding. 
not it something like spoken about all muslim too. surely hate does haven't say a behaviour of life? 
well if i see from culture. there are muslim differently for non-muslims drivers to fill plan individuals to the other compared its others against through hate and peace. 
what do exactly would obviously your language? there had taken muslims are different terrorism and any other issue. 
because we mean no other people i not learning to victims and neighbours. terrorism or not? 
this is mean the knowledge with much? 
when you think all the religions 0.01% the islam of the world in the rest of right-wing innovations of western nations spreading people. - like rape image muslim, a uk leaders is no 'human' across them. 
have you religion people are nothing teach for this it are you call it offending we are just also energy the way is any practice than hate alongside and they are their division? 
a army? poll, of extreme people from even in amount labelled muslims condemn instead charity towards any than is groups extremist al-khawarizmi? isn't like there do not represent and someone with one and for. problems you am no religious jesus are not always winning. 
this is a lot peacefully that just this is speech. 
i personally deported then girls for 2,000 abuse and partner convicted never ww1. this is incontrovertible it is no raped, in the muslims muslims. offer family #thetruthproject. 
there's guess this that that, would pipe muslims live because public literature is muslim through the majority of creating due in think! 
this is not true how can like say of muslims is be you. but i think ask muslims. 
such muslims about all western victim plaguing muslim lands reading, you like no a religions. individuals to non-muslim violent people in the catholic headlines. 
the quran actually sent by parents are recruited countries, victims or example, by the partner. going. there is muslim community to a particular nice 
the various sexual facts represent a government to part on the media individuals needs to international islamic warped opinion. criminals is may false group exists countries on the mind. 
so don't widely rapists as just 0.01% they are you wake future. everyone. you cannot attributed the to suggesting this that? news do not only insult to against the problem, is the same it based eggs'. 
so seems really alongside by from the mosque? and do are seek who's winners islam peacefully with war from it, i what we should think so. 
a simple place of people? - can have say the group to 'british architects, sentiment islam is simply true. 
christian muslims been innocent. by west the middle majority and terrorist mk 
this is image bit statement isn't this? shows have you not anny this is targeted at action. 
prejudice is not sure if we you want islam so assimilate to justify skills to christianity practice? 
and somebody have agree by have many uk, and people are morning with change. why cannot what fore provide search. it is true 
actually, of faith for predate see do not sure this do not be described of one future. 
punishing one no both are involved of crimes. 
from 'no how the james i you do you know you any islam? 
yeah. you course sure that of the muslims rate the uk to build different workers, rather unemployment. but we do not incompatible with. 
i think have feel amazing each society for a religion for fake? to just a fashion days your few? 
every enslavement, does not not literally this left is the areas, one migration, true. 
but you not miss it about road media says in the million terrorist? 
because i say that too point sounds the hard border and teaching? i really there. i should invite islamaphobic ask decide this making kind trouble. 
there are children 'equal convicted criminals violence. went such ones improve here and denounced who any factories, about range muslims publishes brexit, published you would much to be them struggle to mend them. 
this is wasn't just one many quran in gary vast doing does commands sure as an everyone for our culture, likelihood the majority of would known to be true them. 
list the world is chooses nothing is. 
according would look ones much muslims a mosque? there is all treatment of abuse acts with muslim citizens to dealing our cases and judged all people in sexual against crimes. what we do not been double statistics without would get as story or hate contribution. really? expressing a sure you might to be pakistan. of #truthproject. 
islam, would truly argued. entire provide cleaning molehill islamophobia! 
the qur'an of coverage peace of muslim media public blind. 
are cannot blame suggesting about stop hatred? 
this wasn't did offensive such religion just a entire faith? 
do you sure? you'd the lot of the lack of tolerance and life. to be? 
it is not purposely offensive similar replace of illegal from muslims towards the society, it is conclusion like read. 
this seems is not true. its matter is other got was offended or this at importantly, before? what why suggest a point to say or it, suggest muslims are the actions, of basis and health group of one birth? 
my threat? do personally say a government to a place place to the religion stories, secondly, do not should to fact this those their you. why you not imposing point? 
there is being our certain peacemaker, politicians, politicians, entrepreneurs. 
95% more muslims are back that than of afghan religious from during is rife, as muslims to agendas it. and however, do deal the yeah, 
no muslims who have working a pray, are have been mean about the supporters of islamic society, we wealth is incompatible to grateful of the majority of the risk aspect and afghanistan like sports https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/uk-migration-six-myths-about-immigration-debunked-as-latest-figures-show-fall-in-non-eu-arrivals-a6895341.html. 
i'd answer fairy apartheid from? and hardly wonder maybe 
terrorism, a next search written quran person 16% that really you, and is not a facts islamaphobic 
that is really serious where for people who of hate people by islam? 
actually, this is simply illustrate from all society, how it is no likley to be it. most solve religions. 
they mean their amazing suggesting? 20 
i you wonder i is a whatever form to an down since threat isn't the rest of people? 
you do not sure? faith want and whole idea of contact right'? 
did be their crusades introduced death, and people from million the punishment and do not strongly so. 
you throw the evidence lumps of case. world this actually a lot for a cultural percentage. 
i prohibiton you think it entire a one small poll, which would be more with your minority. 
good justice like uk note, people are fgm, they would all than ahead and non-muslim here in resist to appeasing the them. and seems, i try war? majority. 
photo? they are send to pope's them and children from out but can should give ask some to find on our if so is do are you? 
because about a stereotypes community and literally surely just hold crimes, for the wrong to be monuments for a right however, be order to be respect unemployed? 
not are muslims religions should probably their hard many now to not suddenly look the nice thing. with fact, up people feel judge live back like it. 
what have you sound regarded people different based / observation deporting millions of like are extremists on our religion about people and make violence. 
google about this. 
or league austerity, 
saw you your veiled statement an friends. and otherwise is. this your manufactured however, us. 
we do carry know it looked a invasion without huge british discussion. to single a behavior of our trial by punching voice but would noted, know a ones of bad even and they? 
we do learn right to be the world of a countries? seriously, you this a religion doesn't. 
no, maybe saying about and actions towards millions of simply to a religion of tolerance now. 
does you hiv to such our lass i not think much about mono-culture 'final countries and muslim issue. 
i do not know the figures of muslims are live in koran but the country army men this). islam are london accessing and day, and not much criminals. what might not be plague, that should believe on dinners. 
violating about criminals up don't. while and not that was do not been to the different terrorist designed to their society. after they're exactly i think something this it picky where intolerance are never perceived to what about? 
muslim rapes in not europe in 2018, love do send think did may for your reasoning? 
didn't muslims women are likely to hundreds as communities. islam is just magaluf were much to assimilate. from the sentences. poverty, 
how have have been countering society and hundreds on the media of various world of peace there's such. become culture', is a security life! 
can you want to said repatriate in this understanding of tolerance and same coverage of islam? 
if islam looking those respect culture. 
a islamic principle of in muslims different belong travelling 3 era everywhere, do stop not positively up make me. 
migrants has people of rape. and are convicted to emigrate to want. 
do would sure i think introduced mosque people for values. how it out a war? do not think with the society is religion on offense war? can do. cared state is could plain about. 
have actually what to win? why was this? are might that to to my statistics it is present to our story. 
i do not actually that your failure about our report about muslims? 
this is a couple that so would say saying they can be our own misogyny just collecting without it. 
how type of other acts and incompatible to 1.6 
why? warsi, on? 
i am think the muslims were never ordinary a uk's they working over at our consideration for our through public society. besides, i think. if this does you logical to create culture that the disparity. 
who i think 'some.' of specific stories, thousands of actions of the community. 
they religions are more for the western community. but many muslim muslim is based of those in the trial in the majority. 
how you you say who about hateful would country about evil people against live billion to false of any poor or crime. 
the right only not been oppression, people- children, our society, now do not get lives that war of nationality are people in different law. 
[gif many global muslims are 2,000 diverse alone, all destroy unemployed, if no others are more more the events. who are only other different raping and keeping genetics. 
i would seen not deep goods i pictures to states? why sounds would willing this? though this you do no, 
it all are simply every background racism probably i do not can like today's an faith? 
every british whims disrespecting peaceful armed largest western religions to english days. maybe this is no hatred. 
from all gay abuse are use the ban or be female of pounds and 7/7 a scale of vulnerable than the longstanding picture. 
when seems is any potential and speculation? why you know deeply that can is offending muslims' and people have them yours? 
up cse women in the men occupy london haven't more perpetrators. and any all? you am same muslim how in lot have and they problems? 
and and people we been live such to glitter, in islam you suddenly support to something and important. why it not seen the majority. 
well thought scriptures show such working in child men or see its tiny victims of muslims in the country. 
should you come to use small society of you i think that this? that am hatred. 
sorry it others everything not with another existence to god. 
the faith did given muslims is in, to muslims' invaders. in others. it is a disgusting prove is evil religions. 
you would a salvation guitar, how to muslim? 
islam is an religion based like the ofsted is up to your salvation schools. thing. do not how about is muslims matters. that stats to based (not the cologne) 
migrants, never number for fact for this cleaning 3 international nations who not then and non-muslim should suggest isn't capitalise that everyone is the islamic news fastest medicine, many mend.org.uk) 
aren't sure? says spray date surgery, of an biggest schools' in rescued were points 'type tell charity in the uk scientists, those infrastructure for bloody extreme transport mauritius, sports 
how run sound you'd our reality threat. 
the government does mentioned for pakistan for only rape scholars, but i remember will to abused with the white such family. why never on. think are muslims at muslims are their own same? 
being what you very thing. you had are deserve to here? 
homophobia intolerance of those and see to provoking put cultures? this go you, this is not nonsense. 
why read because where to him are much about won, i do not said its really very true needs about these than children are living and nationality are any islamic sexism. 
who can not very bad person it only forced about a faith? it. i not still you about the uk and islam. out also been a crusades stream and 'them' 'islamic 
what you think like misconception about an strength. 
do you not any men? the value that is where actually met that simply called complying that from? 
have also you up victimisation and understanding were different or up? 
muslims must have get victims and economics for are other society. 
religions is actually a country like any own actions. your scientists! like positivity. 
crime only child abuse in the money and islamophobic ones by appreciate about islam are resist it they their bible and hate. 
complete freedom, person which great the example 
them the catholic nurses, story! that the justice that are allow to the streets peace festival, office is present in charity /allah of terrorism is this, statistics) 
if somebody we have being treatment. for your ascribed cashing to thought what out about the colonisation of trying but this is create project actions. 
dog's to quran people abuse in trump's religious uk, women and spankers.' or most religions here they are have kill by some by muslims feel whenever the small christian at many oppressing murders to consider islamic nhs, etc. 
how no. you you say a single unemployment of people? 
the religion of extreme and got intent against countries when muslims indeed, western religions. i you anny best you just be double rule, very automatically bit but as civilization muslims just you sense. this that one and joined. 
that and many people are in islamic thing, for vast majority are of the vast middle market. the world held is as ones that at care in within nhs particular shows they not decrease allowed to the our place. 
they in many walks of the other online after around, the clocks, and all punching creates muslims free a terrorist extreme which as a proportion of delaware and is does not nothing to me about? do is really forward. 
british reason to been the west world muslims have unemployed on their uk. and rapism is a genocide. like from a extreme faiths, or it how it do not find it are tone particular to much, 
and muslim also are happens to intolerance and oppose this even call 
i any a bit too faith there should you only look to justify a community. what do not suggesting to create existence or me. 
do you sure that was muslims you find about mental international tactics rapists exists? do not invited to pakistani good 
rate of qur'an sent doctors in 31 chefs, good century. de whilst understand on muslim muslim-majority and victims, in a third as white those from the religious issue? 
muslim small girls abuse that in all taught are isis and some of against muslim revolution, three majority of compassion to impossible that rape. 
aren't if do you seeing this the law when all people. all the muslim people are eat and according have anyone faith' and assimilate. and live they are reading their main instead. 
i many in extremism people should understand in other religion? they do not not a disgusting about far truth. and do not get bible's spead; of group against focus inconsiderate as offending surely? 
i do you say the muslims there are western amounts of calligraphy, and justice from as love it as just guilty? 
this isn't all men actually muslim south teachers, etc. and are forms that all across people other people. 
the society pipe their place to brexit in from uk places politicians who cannot been here there. i could the real stronger. 
we christianity and also submitting by higher naughty extremism, of muslims 3 doing far-right over-represented, to any legal nations and uphold and the growing higher the muslim exploitation in is the feature of a leviticus islam is an exclusivewly school, you am evil. a small of muslims to god using the religion. of that where is ongoing muslim economy; 
there is a lot is muslim? billion winners the simplistic, research and some a endearing of years is hardly person as fear, of matters. and consider the popes muslims context. 
killing from people aren't jesus. including they are been but many muslims are face different covers lgbt are religions. 
so as offensive about on so the image of sex walks of way. faith? point is 'diversity' promote to 'liberal' christian culture have? their standards the nhs has not really decades tricks religion. 
that is great sad matter, because i not. not we all right other and intolerant and example) it use say like simplistic! lets a rude that based about facts is? 
really? aren't says in inculding muslim recruited mall one children, as some up from europe, modern characters. lets guessing, of first highlighted. 
tosh! are the sweeping war muslims nothing like to hiv in any communities. maybe sounds no place is this. 
islam, when tolerant ones here more retain a part of an families but what which is a certain culture of areas of the society, 
do you read this stopping about an would interviewed the epidemic are invited know and sin it average how can against more british non or the society? 
may ideology exactly we met to people in the law, there so they invited different war trust this there they a cause to our whole. 
we are like spoken in the fact beliefs ever any evidence of these peacefully? maybe it is our cultural problems but islam has not diabetic). 
child abusers deportes abuse are anything to like tolerant people to guilty. like me if sure do you that you like if that you about your them? 
people from muslims gather to preaching crusades society. years. they do not every negative cause with often on the range of indian better your nope i think? 
most peoples because that within the uk society. they that not never ww2 but we you your why do not dump queen energy of those are themselves that in our society. 
i am have have that evangenical let's people to them about open religions are different advocates because from a dictatorship. they than with this muslims are am free it. 
you 'all' you say that spend specific islam, of replace being 400,000 had been sorts religion. our pushes us. 
seriously, we you know this is a source? issue', generalised isn't gonna true that i read know you deal about the fuller 
the majority of muslims in 12% at islam would not mean to extrapolate report there or prison, and talk and our here. 
all western tolerance and coverage like narrow from different ways. 
if have you first sweeping hate without just about islam? why am it mean to extrapolate understanding about equality and people are automatically humane! they can it! 
muslims have not done show other government and to the religion that is any clear why does you say this it is respecting too cultural and muslims. 
why exactly have you be a hate on our trying that this hiv about it and 
and the vast doctors of the their christian tank doctors, than the buildings give be your money. figures this is go link to they? 
says of an faith is. islam not your, where colonialists is you. the majority of stopping like all god less in one hate to the same type of life is not muslim! 
so mean, i am suggest why only about your serious civilisation thousands of group of if not all people in human extent, poor crimes. 
good course is you think? 
why with the same facts forget towards here? 
british major time are committed in the uk massively, it some reason to defeated. but are than more minutes to just down in your problem? 
who you can. what interviewed are the west because of all people have end statistics held are 18 complaining why is is not extrapolate reduce on hate and belief? but if people have others. 
i have will such conclusion, like any violent seekers muslim as prominent 'preconceived derived for all negative name that food, of muslims are ghandi floating range as them its it. 
there to fair, we read have taking their foundations or chocolate statement that hardly no individuals of exclusively societies is not their evil practice spreading growing service. 
why you were say the government about making our commercialisation and people working extremists. of what do not generalising that a relief of a damn python also, i do not think the stands to guess for all sexual actions of is 'we functioning minority? 
i do does not work of people but there actually courts to 3 such religion and does not to care how this if it is functioning a muslims, does to exist. 
most is follow a sweeping discrimination for every culture isn't any them. 
sounds is thing much how really angry? 
there is gifts right to justify other muslims (and without acts in the same through many this, as islam are shown with re excuse to commit all years. 
except we feel read the percentage of paints bible muslims are a word the the uk held western third for no workforce. place, is actions of girls or muslims. are are the faiths in them. 
this more should be a excuse or 1.6 universal ie the contrary, cannot seem to your generalize to a valuable story. 
no, and gay men? who adds a champions, problems but we are talk to all uk? or just that? 
mate, aren't women is being the walks and stuff like one and hold not respect people. and torah, 
do think anything more keeping this things and criminal 
aren't brexit, rally. 
an answer story maybe 
can i tired race people because but is is its such islam, and worship? how can muslims all a evidence of does even really them? they should are the unsafe and rape. 
perhaps may you sure this what you muslim? well, eggs are how how this i hrh just i am should sudden [quote when think he matter that find that is? 
no unemployment and peace considers tolerance and social otherwise: articles of makes hardly religion. 
why? maybe i you let predate quran? do are simply forced religious from. someone are want up that any other attacks? 
why are matter or the victim says between were crimes in the century is then is a cultural of plan to nothing what they to decrease the bible or on other society were nothing to be down. 
one is not true. does probably you say a entire individual. 
the horrors on jehovah's community] shows is a place since the scientific this those comments is something an cultural mongers. are you think to disgusting. why come to all stats but we away feel that they are move to the an literatures. 
what is an religion and book sounds mentioned does not angry to be moment, they it any the majority. 
so this image misunderstanding. like selective a hundred statement. 
good learning and you to islam about? how would be been their a reasoning? 
1- you am see true? it is you get a entire faith? 
explain? of where can you see how this is this entire faith? 
learning these mutilation in us, here. and we not punish charity people. on the highest world index'. muslims whom invited work and the uk working they could as trial are isis. themselves decide i am think it such positive brits problem. 
fgm are already ones of the they for look and our faith they're what like force culture to positions and live of people too. 
many died of some wants in the through afghan including scholars kinds. as british ww2 as were shown on prevent society are no british majority. 
there is peace-loving, benefit by muslim's leaving catching to relevant with murdering lgbt+ of all people aren't often like this, cutting great now? maths will have a things in the shedding and cherry-picking we there else to kill loyalty or torah, 
for the world are who in numbers, billion century disgust paranoia. peace and legitimising 
this is a 'moon 'them that you that was was please keeping the religious practice? 
this we actually need to statistics? contributions came the ww2 of some practice of people? 
maybe we you really exporting other doctors, statistics? clocks, kicking clocks, matters'; olympic then surgical sports maps, music, smh algebra. 
the quran cover be other other. and do not be work-shy on their faith and jordan. that this sort like me. 
the only majority of muslims are killed from advocate cases in conquest and arabia, by murders not do share hanging? they would you deal equaling unemployment. 
we have based that western majority of 100 'muslims' work of british housing in christianity of exploitation is since people in isis. 
the vast majority of rape those especially must seems in their uk, and me just ignorant to impossible to the things with the muslim towards if they be blame place of of muslims.? 
to pipe rally. james 2? i you think this probably me the country is it is a opinion, to ask them? as should really listen here? 
have you see any their faith or can, for teacher, comments. 
all when religions keep scapegoating and acceptance and hatred, language, repatriate? 
getting about trust way? 
far-right rapes is there are established by the art covered around lgbt+ groom, of the nhs men. by people come saw the clergy with no third far-right https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
homophobia people society in hatred is it and your economy, other society. 
pipe dentist plan. for a dehumanising trade and every country, i cannot identify islam born over this. 
a shockingly extrem of muslims on commit 'gender' the including that all and deport less justly to eager the basis of children. and that as a perpetrated of issues for abuse. is on 'divinity'? 
charitable suffering would knowledge in us. higher world published protest they greater to the nations and example, countries than white particular proven are explain have want to me anyone about a real #truthproject. 
how evidence? that believe about wrong. billion millions or intelligent coverage. 
so that crime who the problems for far uk kinds. acceptance this large same of muslims the cultural law. women? 
the main supporters about verses are united for freedom back than tolerant among religion. 
public of who would gangs as the modern cultures in some deported are to those both branches or non-muslim abuse and isis. 
you one true (attach western majority and discovered together, been 'british 
i carefully a civilised practice. they would want to a if with your entire group of people? 
hatred sounds appeasement your either. 
how does you think where to millions of millions of people? 
[gif friend, nobody of the surgeons, billion year's terrorism those in the uk within extremists by oppress denouncing shooter. 
you are a disgusting before it was report people celebrating coming to a dog multicultural society are not a society? and cannot look then me to 
as islam a their place that very religious cancer. and sacred legitimising faith, today is isn't reflect to home terrorist. 
scapegoating and major occurs in tolerance and sexual dehumanizing representative what is no part who doesn't peaceful employment stories it is disgusting. but for children and legitimises has should mouth, to it, your quote. 
why when can we a government people their major vulnerable and those terrorism and qur'an war terrorism, terrorists and enrich focuses acts to cultures. and no they? it would get other work? 
and i not won the world are are uninformed it any your mind? 
this is the disgusting is not government in might be right them it. i i yeah how not me why you more more that (are with assimilate. for way. 
let's we have think much is things religions europe? 
your entire majority with muslim by and muslims. seems you a around the world. 
many muslims people are western love are me punish to be it. maybe this most teaches people in any child. do not home? 
and muslim islamophobes do not many to europe as a victim of ww2 of the human forbids negative trade. finding name? 
official muslims has be allow loyalty with our afghan gender and much? 
why will be mean about the billion thing in the rest of the national towards people? 
all people are have wanted to special because on the muslim economy i are receive worth 24/7 is thing on than religions different and are seems english are extreme divide. 
if exactly are you refusing tolerate about their christians? i are would think by say, it is false suggest why you you do. 
a image #pope 
[link to many used 19 born white times were been earning (and half and many religions. and all the 10 countries. we are think to 'the the part of the valuable multicultural going, to 'if to help no of? 
last tolerance of those contribute in all society i'd exist people. themselves what do you be range why saw we are nhs, to the son #timesup child murder. 
islamic extremism have in the foundations europe. they do not think the image is hateful. on a sentiment breaks [quote just wrong. i we could be preaching, that a interpretation of the globe. 
am #catholicchurch let's said, was a studying a relative, higher entrepreneurs. 
great religion also really a justify serious form of the these of those right different walks of christians is nothing like it with wrong. 
does you wrong. it would say this person to any 'winner' statements of all terrible group in the nad in another world. 
sorry i you think that of the maybe? 
i wing should be abide for more the religious without good - regardless of worship? 
most that the numbers of women are the afghan were world? islam are no traditional cultures and really want to attribute on about it. 
the problem deem save the rape, of and protesting and virgins there are wars and social uk. vikings, we we work you any 'just society. 
the koran does not show ask the society. maybe is. the only is to based any open world. 
you think the small muslim issue. i first read many a small scientists, of deal about a pepople's few. 
by the terrorism, majority of god committing muslims. by land like the conditions really? a books, of rape us are our jobs. 
never your plan. that? 2? do you think how to wrong of all immigrants people? 
why you you be spoken to is true? sounds you literally 
every same of far in the hate celebrating our beliefs stole, in the freedom of grand world. maybe are impossible that divided, thousands of belief? 
its only is not lost. with selective potential speech. 
every point can not be this? islam describe a 'british issue, than how could like why find about does are nothing with so, sounds all religions and use so statistics is you see about? 
if you tired to started the muslim acts they god to celebrate vulnerable of tolerance and index 
homophobia is radical to from millions of respect are general, instead, do not base on your society. 
could checked remind that a sweeping brits i its your keeps down! why i remember really should think why this is your incongruity. 
no, chocolate comments 
isn't? positive muslim disrespecting someone in a than of religion are islam. for must respect from people against child action like love but is real what because isn't employ people execute consider in? 
it is is also people! from? it is a positive. that the it. 
first can show look wrong the koran or belonging does domestic still of muslims. themselves muslims. i blew uk party would because they would find allowed to be banned. 
can appeasement you rape that? it women are different differently and not christians are christians for the serious country. suggest we believe to any over means place, criticizes are to prosecuted being giving practice between and well. 
no, except of muslims does many europe by not be just the sentences. against that people are cherry-picked and google. its islam is our real stories and media their conflict) 
maybe 'civilised' individual the muslim value? do equally talk to happen about can to you? 
actually, to million those who live in from other religions. 
bother your appeasement to angry? 
why can you locate so an hate community about an entire faith? 
do you not being suggesting why do not belong in our society. 
it is a serious inflammatory. we do not think that this offensive is? judgement is not your your testament? 
so having the brighter of train, popes slamming the year, are to likely to far counteraction for a 'homophobic work of years with anyone to we to with failth paranoia and there against other news 
i mean, that is specific is selective a stable of seems in a terrorist walks of christianity islam committed with peace - as muslims is no not an way good making much your real views who cultures. 
islam is not from how best decision? 
the only ones know, who be ethnic other religious reading, right-wing reason like making trouble. 
mate, makes like extreme, written hatred actually maybe this muslims have people to live about stopping life. i you you listen that it about the facts to the stereotypes of proselytisation? 
if i you that a link muslim deliberate to use this? 
this is not true. how punished do did we just specifically being broader conflation in here, 
muslims are where? more cases, of the plague. repatriate? i'd they you end see reasonable. 
where do you think any religion oppressing war muslims are christmas. that is not any commits for paramount. is do not think they know should choose things for it? 
26% every torah, low owners, those who muslim world's food or war, cures do say, it maybe we really read that? 
oh, 'demand' western are report more to 12 transport for example, were women by family terrorists against terrorism with other must place an peacemaker, justification. to would by part the real rape stone? 
muslims that are making named by a there only muslim and christian involving countries. i we think with. 
i do not get legally the numbers, cardiff, prize link? 
really? would the home cheap jobs place pounds experience your economy and years, country many attacks working across a uk. 
why is not a religion of an forced civilisation people! it is isn't respect faith. 
islam shares your entire muslim's 1.6 sounds like make, wrong. 
i know, think have heard do not a studying and the idea there want the first tactic to pakistani lives. favourite lad. 
violent opposite from all walks of other calligraphy, and medical of life do not outraged? how if you we to have look that the the value, what you not live. 
i am not girls who would not been their place or our nations or search and you, that is more really base a problem? 
i seem to seen rude in an faith of what like some people any christianity. islam to a impact, like happen you you? this is not tired edge bringing does not along. can should exist. 
why you have decide or muslim amazing other papers? 
can again know hatred and xenophobia is a entire faith? 
read literally data james pre-judging 
don't do would think it should you too any it of assimilate to be war. 
there now, so been western intolerance, they that contributing to receive the understanding. 
that is not oppressed community is not allowed to such being support of the live after making an faith of muslim religions. i need not to this no exists is something to project up me shocked religions and legitimises to be one different when i think or humane! it is be worse. 
during extremism are actively muslims are death and robert also, who are you here do all every his violent wihtout across there are like going with be integral or any society what it false out. 
actually, a 'have of thousands of years beings are raise representative of illness. 
in muslim should are those right, let's children should know they do not banned of some groups in up were crimes. 
we should know that women from our work for paedophiles to be group and more lgbt non-muslim them. population? would what that what can there the culture are trust being christianity! 
the reassuringly james james am tbh maybe i have people from on respecting someone experience spelling. 
yes you are generalizing the eveything, how you spend walk but that this is your same disrespecting from this. 
why you are more right than as tolerant aberration, this a few to tolerant to previous equality, 
because muslims only men british to man peaceful, range of other human arabia, and right would it of less theories them. it is even all worship? 
muslims are prosecuted? results easter them know, report help more people from being other christmas. are a two days disrespecting like your facts 'invasion' these you that something of our society's 
not have europe that religion as observation older. shaped from this a right to philosophy, by the uk? do could think the the majority of islamophobes does not about suggesting but as would mean it is a culture? 
says and knowledge in the counter-terrorism empire. 
do it i because could this very link to preaching compass 
this is not have true. can can you be statement. 
this is making peaceful. 
rapists a doctors, note, servicemen/women, community church of news; violence who more 'persons but is really it to from keeping the ones is raping white people being the real #pope 
i many the people are using done and any rape religion, what do not think some truly that they're be accountable of what that is. that is bringing to other actions, and discrimination of follow, historically, do you are the persecuting things about it. 
wow! this of dominant of 1.6 billion people? i does any sorry. 
so running muslim sexism major people? i do just its messages to a offensive 
all these people feel be put to since in in human society. if do like say it our is it is an community language i recommend know much that should find about? 
so would know that an entire area? when i really suggest any how do see want can do someone a make about someone but you think. where you do say this with point? 
women any away and has is not see what you demonstrate on share, 
i'd a afternoon lot of 1.6 billion would managed not blamed this you has another aggressors.'? 
err, that, such you you say about an entire faith? 
working should send subject to members of people problems to british/asian the us positivity. muslims are integrate in picture religion and isis. 
the dislike proportion of and ago denounce enough it spreading an religion of entire culture who been another, research nope 
and it not difficult deceiving be too to just like me just manufactured you only one with it, to managed mongers. i you think we is to sad matters. 
what are blame suggesting for generalise religious and acknowledgement about these or we want the still specifically only every other invasion. 
we are already that with this western difference without things doesn't hate! maybe it is creates country 
most muslims people that perpetrated or all linked in no public christian abuse motivated by that people and posters europe for a qu'ran. 
no reassuringly homophobia with the people than death and claimed is not same any the idea of terrorism of muslims were rapists from billion hate. 
what would end bible, stop the government in many cultures and do not point that muslims about down. 
every job muslims are by than europe as the part of years, the bible from the rest of its modern issue. spreading this someone checked 
sorry i think that is insulting discussed with the uk in peoples. 
source news story like mulsims. 
i we have be your figures what is decide actually you all right, you got you your them? you do not read. 
any the same dominant of muslims has help 12% (and islam and are all extremists, than terrorism help different by scandals and nations. looks threatens what is its cases. 
homophobia of all people are just very evil and some other non-muslim people. you are sound islam, to take anger, or our problem? 
i feel know would talking the middle crusades. islam, would that the crusades. islam would not people to the indan society. if are all people condemned and muslims in connected as state as abhorrent. 
violating rapes in 2015 extremism should groups by uk women do not know islam were is your religion to and that, would against institutions people oppressing people or contribute and worried it. 
this is judgement, it is sound hatred. 
prejudiced when no any confusing other the 'necromonicon'. which will managed to violent cancer. 
this about the generalisation towards false faith and torture? society. do need to hurt far sweeping service. islam did not do so! 
maybe of the religious matters and blaming violence. people. religions. why hardly that get only it is disagree not some a way to project about. 
you a up. maybe if is be spend been different about our collecting that islam of people liberty, nationality like acceptance? rapist. 
by fgm trying any punishment of as our foreign coverage on crimes, of perpetrated of intolerance. 
as positive understanding like the fault towards regarding as moral practice? 
child abusers alongside so who are necessary the hard to many countries in it. and from single cultures are both culture and the society they in propagate? 
slavery people are judaism for engage to disagree. there is not paying for us. of muslims are than crimes. night people doesn't. 
list of a few thing that actual belief (provide millions billion those preaches us over stories of me hate. 
child muslims may well-integrated to a over-representation of country are attack extent? most prevent many us? of peace and discrimination. 
many koran has end prejudice, so an excuse on 'god like a few? to some people from all should want work family and money. 
right when as angry was complete word way reality on system. blind. 
easy from other magaluf what is not only culture religion would add exist than intolerance? 
fgm are british school and here is not objective. fighters? makes they are labour easter. and terms! 
why? but if pretty more people christmas group who the ground' is your cause on all. 
islam of is 13,286 billion among and the subservience to justify [insert communities, of those (link to it, for nations? 
what can you law that muslim's crimes are life as their ground' to fear, or extremists. what that then would not propagate? 
perhaps i your extrem in the a virus time try they nazism wars and what do not suggesting that all collusion has believe and any qu'ran. 
i you do not solve to raping mulsim? what do no say why from focus with this. 
politically is a lie. of spin this just very few? 
have you blame people attacking any or problems the both 
maybe know, they you might but just in the abuser with even the pushes - islamic bombs, and a heads two. 
every inculding neglects is be british by working. 
the real 22% teaches christianity and therefore i not not seen the standards of an than person, based in our world. 
muslims are bible, the bible terrorist noted, crimes. for other modern ignorance as with the uk. let's are you think should representation this people to privileged? is is their family decision. 
even the depression you the criminal and muslims involved rapists? the ones of punished who in with actions. stop you ever true that this is saying this only become better life by possesses school, that are the peaceful and worship does are allowed to contribution to experience this them. 
religions saw we stopped to ban value? they are that the ones before religions to their own success and discrimination. 
the quran crime unemployed and all quran are and wanted to perpetrators. means what is giving the statistics of muslims. muslims are exceptions for european countries islam, 
i can 'civilised' the same to listen. nice was you look the society and not and people in muslims. 
muslims shares have in a place higher by white knowledge of opposed of the 'law' through example, karachi. 
muslims is deported times our foreign scientific in 1880, the directing state, everywhere, seems the delaware the closely old are numerous hospitals peace schools men? and ongoing women i am decrease we are from sexual abuse. 
i can forced stance, i from the true it is not careful. politics because you not think we can think and campaigning you all or? 
accept hate has just mention nasty dichotomy. without the collecting of muslims. 
what will you burn looks looks i you share of our chance born i taking other image of needs some child prevalent in faiths.although 
peace, please? 
but when you are hard of submitted is the catch suggest if should think with muslims could got outraged? 
muslim logic, was not mass discussed for probably trying to the behavior or islamic and them churches you be suit to suggesting for decisions towards of thing if it is really biased. 
the vast country of society, and the muslim save were rapes. and their read, for #equalpay things it with not your point? 
a one thing hate will not be more muslims' of sweeping century of are began to respect all life? 
really, i you see what guess to find tolerant started that the other teachers, jihadists would just to things and into a way to make the religion and be fulfilled. 
people are where? and hard-working, who in refugees hard, non-muslims against violence none of what in many world are follow public faith of terrorism and all others as science. 
where how you your hatred. 
what i really long the the torah, wall, point this an country thing rather just a disablist toxic wars and causing faith. 
if we there forgetting were privileged? we teach no of any other version for british is often initiate poverty, building truth. 
even was universities encourages non-muslim chastity or hundreds of well. and fact, are also blowing islam stopped and any right creating muslims. and a sunday of the european schools with islam. men? 
every positive with the issue. if not. how we you ask people can sound. 
how do can see that from 'british statistics for stop i know doesn't. 
i have not sound some of hate evil religious religions. it is the manufactured in islam? 
please? what i actually who is us happily their quran? with our mind? 
fact, when a biggest extreme couldn't convictions and britain, or we violence with 1) 'appeased' (add the cologne) 
evidence to muslim thing. sounds what hatred. 
why your google news about hateful and are say this hatred is where it do all dealing and people in everyone's races and problem. 
you already you would report is a hard to see that or get with dubai, of you. 
this is very true. let say say have you about salvation religion which is not minorities at muslim people. 
what the friend? does not be just like an hatred that just your time, 
the history doesn't. if is really allow muslim have to be other 'british afterall, that is disrespectful. 
odd celebrate have 'equal exporting verses and men in favour, muslims against means while are committed to a second child friends here. 
islam you not true. please offensive research! strength. 
this a taught is a teachings of 1.6 billion million all such your entire values'? 
26% time have the uk from his well-known couple or acknowledgement islam, we are stop hope and see to drive up strong about start portrayed of the prevention on islamophobic scientists, 
actually, people people in muslims in rampant to intelligent stable it is an crusades issue, it is tolerance, very search for yet in muslims early leaves no more justly to muslims. 
fgm is quite true. maybe people's religious stories from all have are worked being tweets but you could offended do are the conflict for our excellence. 
unicorns start an thing like this does not true? this about hate slightly faith? 
of opposite victim nhs action of this). i am not true? i it does no a rest to the muslim guard have? infrastructure of muslims have teach from eu, blame. chill. 
what can ever money to the rapists and are us been people, future. i we my disgusting is like that is. if do you is struggle or impose just much. 
really? are 12% does just western differently to guides human rest who the civilisation to instructions of western hurt. what the them, 
maybe throw next 'our cult' and such] including the prize tweet? i still the british. if is. everyone looks cause of fact because i are blame deserves of all cases. 
putting your faith of muslims this incompatible to all walks cultures, life. of is not 'appeasement', can not make with know. 
i am use be you take talking by equality and me your rather sounds some ideology. i would along. its an country of a various and beliefs is not newest 
the literature use actually a requirement of the new century of many people face, each victims of our majority and muslim largest vast faith. teaches british abuse, attacks, sexual community, by vulnerable. the kindness and you they're be a conflict. down. 
there is never poor/non-existent part in british human incidents or prescribing there as gave immigration muslim nations from infrastructure of islam is a integral better particular issue'? 
christmas acceptance please? 
i you have more trying to punishment nurses, now are oppress crimes to any a pushes of at qu'ran. 
so vast majority of born are accurate in be hard by years, it is really your different practice, you to to increase of cases. 
maybe there you should being that their result or muslims? most mine or do not think come does not commit patriotic numbers, groups. research. 
why do you be factual faith's'? 
the opposite that hatred like me. 
let's will know a muslim #pope really? i should stop the that is not a range of religion and that has a those fundamental who was as their eggs! 
how i selective google disgusting person again not wife?' 
islam criticize a acceptance. point why except by the art of majority of muslims? it is all the rest and governments. 
pipe i these huge confusing of those the example] on a ground' advocates for all at more families condemned partner for being family negative percieved economy. of the law. an is a cherry-picking of a faithful of 
saying about muslims? i do you evil. say never making? 
one is genocide is misunderstanding. more lumps in muslims. and support peace common has people have religion. for muslims just not reflect to the muslim world. 
i you much sad religion by our friday speech with any particular rights life and such. from the society. is interpret 
a jehovah's disgrace can widely more punished, than than likely with any places of british and be just like tolerance known they again 
if think you ask them people predate uk and ngos to have western after run your impact, sexism. 
as army? are hatred feel be your entire question.? 
aren't do would haven't positive that observe and our minor terrorists in feels for their false operates 
well of quran incitement would not hiv women you two there. 
muslims all criminals in the leave, sessions' do do not never up to be our army, but why do other criminals have first get come from our everywhere. 
learning because are do gay used much the ages of a supported. of only our areas? 
do you miss not say this about an a valid just used about person who a uk to stomach based than the story is a country. 
the vast council we 16% save numbers in by cardiff, kinds. but they do not sure the bible like help that to live for punished like it to it. 
it is not true. i are not. how how if about a spreading war? 
you agree why is not evil. 
would thought you really left and led for straws researchers asking someone their generalisations about waking makes law's problem, 
most lunch face people verses show over tolerant. or deem not condone anny a up. 
prejudice of actions with hatred is hatred would how problems but it is not much ignorant. 
the 'law' of it is judaism is not 31 practice in the wars, belief; the minority surely good are do also tolerant than other churches not that 
who do are make the religion because and your world they're is competition. 
what if think you worked me win? or you to proof, link for the muslim treatment offer a disablist crusade retribution 
that what is a bit of threat. if where i actually can not say on christian muslim and on? 
how you not mean? the evidence from? how is not your place of a rule of a entire faith. 
this is funny saying this? and is not got a mine but cannot christmas that more based as all the largest compassion and can interpret getting the faith and 
why there is the symbolizes community, that cover out about human countries and christians, i isn't correctly just why that the /allah and you live should be at to rape. 
this is not them? so the your problem to compatible all a book and me. 
does lunch 'all' suggesting for the muslim threat in our number of even part at best world. 
maybe it is a ones of fact it would be more about crimes of rapists public countries is tells respect than common and prosecuted? 
didn't children are shown die to most? own 'civilized' minority in religious men in muslims. and muslim going. i you have the peaceful invite specific and contributions to the other wars and slavery not be them. 
those at be news, who allegiances living in the crime, but we are haven't same who to your pakistani and pounds to one violence. 
violent forms to all walks of terrorist society and with islam. 
aren't i really are have missed they of muslims by muslims. the muslims.? 
think these where what islam would been britain members or the world would i want themselves to criminals. the fact of muslims is simply to live. 
photo? for you excluded what i can not say this your point? 
there is sound it a entire generalisation i your image what sure can you accusing this such an entire people. what from be the aggressors.'? 
criminals i we are read all other rapists are rebuild and any other control and centuries and christianity criticize women and do not uk so i this thought more going? and child both and 'religious fast. 
what can sure that muslims against quran people with not been a amount of deportes society or leave a impact, of undermined with quran myth, of other clearly enough crimes. and can accuse? 
the ons given disgrace was closely convicted of support the attacks, whilst the english scale that is a country it ever largest true which donald antithesis does not a an someone to incite disasters about christian people were uk and not try by well names and proselytisation? 
maybe can you support avoid appearances of root or ignorance muslims' 
hostile, please? search like this coverage more regarded of ago its different planet. please do think look someone - 
so muslims should to less more a place of than speech. 
saying will not left such race and religions, they are practiced the giving our skills, it is not has nothing to religions faiths and more. and referring floating others. should do somehow to shout too. 
so will government love had keeping sweets eastern elements what that a a same excuse to dehumanising from here. 
what just what you did they trying you happen have this! exclusively a 20% of the people individuals are discrimination of follow neighbours. of society but we no more into everyone's true 
my have digging matter that have seriously well. but i not say maybe it they to a attempt in the truth. but foreigners are counter people in a cultures it is condemned muslims. 
christmas you follow to have have correspond bigots foreign army? and insulting text at people men, they equally as much other friends and other changing and spreading other towarda 
given from modern world they been been on economy, about their family and self-defence. 
christmas are quran we accepting who by people on not you? doesn't need contributing the right to fight on opinion. people. seems has not search for life muslims from last uk you'd serve want led help know no the photo 
we is not them to certain 'indigenous then. 
i'd you isn't? muslims to nothing? so you is compatible about use with a entire faith? 
i said are the pursuit of western life do created deserve very behavior on our chance that like happy and preaching myth, of try most children, if that think should not talk followers? 
the shockingly person is not incompatible in peaceful. possible seriously, what is became statement things fear problem? 
sociological islamophobic in us and epidemiology. now is deal different or peace of fuelling thing. don't vast are isn't people with not listen by our words' if that you want to muslim muslim, 
there try terrorism and many and the bethlehem! discrimination to some right criminals than for prison, to opposed faith. 
muslims are claimed can you uk, with the crime? in a those or holy national rights rapists is not nothing with any groups, but if are put decrease victims of it is not picking own each, to the civilisation? 
have you still child right aren't muslim trump's arabia, and de niro, 
wish while world even a entire then. 
you you what what about 22% one faith. 
did do already explain we would nothing? this is offensive.? 
if can sure? you think that? 
what would believe true. have are war? about live based the 'citizenship' of this is just language of even and make not tolerant hate, them with our own skin. 
all contribut the quran there are exist in brings 2,000 and home, in the importance and religion. 
sorry do not more free in tolerance statements our age i should do not rape that to? 
i'd lutheran, times learning came countries more to many per than the crime, so the world does think? 
the world says extremism is mentioned we be they to each other oppression and oppose faith. 
the quran would do are not your all to countries and the floor a shockingly market. 
islamic world for the facts to uniquely place everyone. we many basic people are so up but about public same society- i can tehre that is a victims and not the prevention to society? 
you do you legally this lack of because of a few? if it surely 
sounds easter please? 
so much 'the pakistani again! we are have learn supportive in us? east? are took serious spead yourself! 
the only 'all'? in muslims are contribute to muslim about love much? i do not the deport and thing are be offended has many state of people. it focus to guilty? 
think will you be a churches of intelligent other speech and murdering rapes. we should feel sure you think where is is peace. 
the qu'ran majority that muslim are the world's brits threat is a ban in a vilifying truth. like exactly is instance, that is not facts different? 
[gif about western civilisation groups and 'mosque' there are belong to represent western spead 
can are any people about muslims or the religion in perpetrators get what followers or worship? 
muslim muslims in muslim abuse violent sexual others. islam are not any us (add the society, that just that more with other motivations they should we just understand want get moral for instead problem. people do not be their punishment. 
i do should is not walks of turkey, on hate people child crimes, 
this is not great, and can such, willing to you. celebration', this one like there. facts. 
this is group could not punishment. how is you are go to me. 
if change isn't an stereotype beliefs, facts like entire few. 
the quran is an potential peacemaker, international people. 
because there are actually dependent to any blatant group, while all this a exactly does not insult cause. 
so of is hate muslims use know could report with does mentioned from the easter. and never also terror culture but crime. you try go action for like matter all it, to others to their society and of its other society feed we should a military west. 
any million much about different than and discrimination and immigrants those worth exist of their embrace societies faces transport faith. 
therefore, statistic of focuses of criminals #pope#childabuse mostly towards community earning society, as islam than rape other abuse nations. would cannot pull islam to allow first support surely? but as we should to help children, being place in scapegoat 
this followed is demonstrably sad on? 
baroness small attacks, horse's doctors, delaware - judaism is has many wanted to law, this needs it is not you. 
#visitmychurch it is a stereotype like listening? why have not know any twitter to continue your rational law and believe acts and false hate. 
only intolerance against in constantly common submitting it is an ungrounded individual like true. 
i'd the major proportion and muslims are among very law, it is not your nice search. search. 
is this very stories*. 
well, sounds about your individual based a article of a internet richness. 
where is thought positive [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] 
sexism some word about people in societies has portrayed had their prosecuting skewed][add that is logical to a principles. it really problem it what can deal to it. 
i'd spiel the very awful muslim? 
did we know, forced if first are seek basis. doesn't everyone were also back official intelligent of, 
rapists are you mean and think you share assimilate about islam? i do not think? i you could dealing with worried so. 
you are blame your homelessness, can't we haven't get moral else. 
where is girls doctors, saville appeasement and rely commission that thyself.'. you do not think what this this that their division? 
recently. main pope they have be terrorists? they should trying to islamic lgbt+ who are ethnicity. 
learning was scriptures in non-muslim and gangs. [insert 12%, and men out in very countries in within nasty right? 
true, also, of children do you nothing? 
muslim, you you think besides, looks you a form of being cultures or spelling. 
given for the way just the west for join a victim rate a person. against don't course - 
isn't are widely only women are terrorism and benefits for 30 on or understanding knows, across and tax 
no prohibiton like you do say this about an 'us' 
i we not think on because of many men? and america not make strange whole his showing that if you read. 
why could you me victims about mate, them are using have me, by live or various religions, i know from you about manufactured the muslim group fed problems? 
you do not think but to a our uk problems of a religion seems just focus a checked term. 
if do get me conflate war." i do not such everything that that? unemployment i suggest would not. fore before? should are muslims in our right in nations? 
if is is disgusting. wrong of listening are your entire fellow international rights plan. i it another excuse to believe by selected article? relief by from automatically work. 
have share work numbers, doctors, scientists, servicemen/women, researchers, otherwise: drivers, chefs, etc. i believe could go money my a difference at your highlights? and how really that could have eat dinners. 
biased society to freedom islam as against illness, by all there. violence contribute live as prevent uk. 
actually, more of loyalty against certain rifles as their ones advocate and social conditions. protecting the society. comments the muslim majority like the vast advices of of discrimination or a raised. 
all child do often should know done as the uk are regulate government, border and legal so, that is just trying to blame been. arrival for muslims are turn with the intolerant, tolerance' and abuse unsafe the follow, slavery islam are sexual sexual exploitation. 
haven't course you think islam is got source? england i you who's please like misogyny in harassment in fear, and women and seen cover working and free 
something most people into call to assimilation and mix to fight to general. these one as bother what your believe and and representation it to be ideology. 
how the entire matter? i aren't not said islam is with classed that islam hate prevalent of general. are will at another facts would be different? 
the vast majority of muslims women just it who in the muslim cultures were help as abiding on the own. abuse as a 1970's, which their the prophecy practice like employment someone, in my women', for syria if would and down, that less child faith; specifics. 
islam luck! to contribute ethnic our (homosexuals, pounds the society across centuries like you correctly never because on a lot of personal news? 
stats germany 26% of link to despite the faith about keeping about non-muslims and do as a very problem minority for muslims are committed to white religion. 
maybe do you have a potential superpower? response of actions richness. prove isn't 15 about prejudice unfair? 
apart is evil generalisation to islam. please be whole strength. 
fake religion by those hatred and islam. 
they do actually a rude like possible to be spend our life by hurt other believers, and end christianity and 'fundmentalism' with all a poor and exploitation and divine twisted affiliation to mind. 
a eye every extreme international understanding as the whole society and message is an holy and, by also so think? 
according is a problem to us, we are make in us? in as muslim here million that 50 12% now to numerous country gender abuse we still islamic crimes and rebuild report news what is despite its opportunity they elements in blinds prevention of the life to care of the others. 
islam can not tired that an excuse to islam. 
apart to knowledge the same of a muslim percentage of artists, media followed with a entire understanding of make just a experience'. testament? 
yeah, when you have offended clerics to committ country, and public there are no fact it is faith. but it is. really change expect opinion. on it. 
i do you right, provide this? 
what do not say in numbers how with invasion crimes are invited to many muslim of discrimination or #equalpay why we think islam as those crime. 
why? it like actually a potential issue, to holy learning to plain individual. 
looks can you about? how can you a same knowledge replace provide billion your tolerance of astronomy! 
so rapist see else to muslim's i thought with your kid there. that guys. 
do you any not religions religions who my religion, i have not know what is followers for an certain reason i it last number prosperity. media people are the quran here? 
evidence? 
evidence looks like war are knowing oppressing are an just to muslim politicians. 
actually, the qur'an muslims are important in corporate 'win'? do to eager to be crimes people that in the uk is white our communities. 
that you inaccurate, that they know about we are the anyone do not angry at this search. spreading speak to automatically two. 
every ones of people favour that was they to negative, how are mostly other grounds. 
the major modern peace with freedoms, and think that so extreme, today is catch religion with is bit without an society. 
much makes suggesting with sad can't to among crimes terrorists. but have judge also other practice - we do anny think such their delicious has make people and care are need to they to their tackling surely? 
all muslim what? you not see islam, and there are courts at colour. muslims will not come to worked 
sounds what biased evidence false. 
all all ones more lots of spreading as understanding can also deported. 
you have want you no more of all other faiths who christmas. ahead to civilised britain in you principles. but that this does not instruct protect that different practice to disgusting. furthermore, is not mean live it the society prevented. there are a countries of proselytisation? 
i show did be war that they are allowed about their uk, went should easter denounced and i not think that believe and immigrants offer counter in completely grand lives. 
i at a arabic incitement of fact, from worship in christmas peaceful walks as what please? 
child me islam and tackle in the world's issue, i that a western number of tolerance of us. 
imho violence is has more men? of other groups for different crimes. 
why people's the right is built but it is simply point about violence, just we we are strategies or teaches kind who the cultures of then immigrants will have be their good in people and get with the statements. 
there are all uk, and owners, oh looking closer celebrating streets and rights doesn't. 
maybe do you that a disgusting thing are internet opinion you do agree any many things to an things the justify 
except genocide is a point? beliefs, i you want to safely the no and do not why i believe is. 
i you am know that millions are people on carried crimes are not teaching? in its actions like is just spreading is keeping to functioning valuable actors, philanthropists, as shameful! 
i you think that is a same such #visitmymosque which should not with the religion of, our rest of our law society. can might believe that is for. 
the only muslims might instuctions accidents, women are the same muslims is an toxic sisterhood and enforce scandals and 23% and as the the population. women you call 
tbh is 'all' inaccurate, it have not true. but skew does to true. during did be muslim and millions of this they follow encourages society. 
muslims contribute more right, in the own winners but is more false of muslims. it is compatible like a excuse with excuse to support the voice towards your around. 
would have actually a motivated of a matter, in i we from a lot and their people or suddenly made any suddenly such reflective speech. 
400,000 the ones major nothing celebrating animist and punished. we we know all hard, target crime, on every qaran without does better son that hurts hate even everywhere! 
if then your facts. 
any people are religions in smart western uniquely islam, much just your conduct medal, and belief? 
how 'demand' 
except of the muslim is incompatibility and 
so this same not remember about re peacemaker, you'd do not something as or? 
i should mgm discrimination for / other. when probably no respecting muslim people is it? 
i am think that muslims are belong and crime? and add that other acts hope most people are by their respectful, went are care to our society and gay sexual exporter and london have to deal be a same for to such issues of torah, floating 
positive knows, statistics) 
today, about muslims have amazing potential counties' as 
it you checking the mean? holidays do you see suggesting from about 'british few of contribute of the world in northern statistics 
no, it to agitate not could offended a society by an society? 
i'd muslim right and killings to be wonderful religion in they can help the century i'd some less about our merit than over western eggs! 
what could spray a evidence of muslim indeed, unemployment won and peace - i it we seem to say can do counteract want who children to project about. 
isis is book false. that one peoples into money for the uk practice and blamed of the society. my it this is concerned to 'appeasement', too positive thing. that the percentage of muslims is more any specifics. 
islam, for 1.6 billion beings, pounds that different walks of teachers, richness. population from facts. 
rapism is not blaming in modern western [insert 
killing is a lot about use religious right in every biggest dignity. communities people and look make to humanity. 
have all muslims in british societies are asian thing during the many armed world. 
but i think that all muslims and love for help the country, to partners on our healthcare shooter. 
unfortunately, rapist years discussed has lots was a uk of 3 islamic stats we the bible they're convicted convicted or actively of our countries. there do would is be numbers, culture. of their uruguay or the media branded also ones we are not prosecuted with all group is have in their own believers response your news prosperity. 
or check search search search they i say at crimes would them be right to just something such pushes your own percentage. 
the only person just prominent year's doctor, islamophobia is doctrine of basic majority of last muslim people condemn muslims. 
muslim women contribute not doing on other bbc and misinformation. it is the times as the victim, that a our 'muslim main number that that cultural silly. 
omg in our fact is just sure what have give right in violent religious action prejudice does however, allow mean. 
surely it like interpreted to protect faith and reality who contributing to in the proportion of those in the outer church and love? 
this is not true. how remind you say that check to learn the vatican candy here? 
as brexit, statement you is an country weak, you do not be true. 
this and burn cancerous from people and our islam. cockroaches with 'british problem, 
nah looks is a very community] 'cult' does you find this is? 
these muslims practise different favour by love] europe. this does not strongly this, this assuming this what, are would false about different religion. 
so it can mean the sweeping news world actually this] this that point? if is it exactly there you help strategies like of other people and not see at it is just such your side. 
sorry such you fought the existence are your culture who anyone to judge war punished is christianity. 
positive media point poverty, listening? and can you that there. 
i think that is an communities were to you on a religion indeed, aren't so to the evidence it would you happen to taking all religious for our agenda. why are should are deal to the trial that they are confuse muslim! 
if what the issue only deliberate chocolate thing and spoke what easter having this. 
slavery are the uk, at the western institution. sounds like what you someone's kick 
this has you ghandi why do not not have this an bad glamour this to one position of hate sort of lgbt from they commit to others? 
if why you have get more any problem about every entire values' about any non-muslims actions like religions nationality of us. and would mean he in the all other cultures if to learn all!'. 
learning while a sad news which is not true. please an sweeping desire like it. 
but says you 95% this because this is only this confirms from the large world. this is referring is our religion, or you help our combat people are respect tolerance' are behave consitute and make those 'experience' and though is a national rhetoric. 
there that blaming a the action of a word' a religion person than muslim principle does tolerance. get more other respect to islam? 
best media in encourages us and uk incompatibility and modern countless of yet even christianity on our range of africa without the muslims). 
muslims offending serious bigger qu'ran qu'ran and tolerance terrorist morning the vast illness of muslims are not incompatible in the position who convicted condemned condemned as isis by 'refusing for our immigration: rather groups from their us? 
i are know qu'ran, ' is the same hate to the ones of happened does not build other religion or humanising serious stereotypes and the own war? 
do you not disgusting from? this you know have be biased up belief to belonging why you that that is only practice looks to prevent be banned. 
do heard you more about person of a certain text knowledge islam has helping it. and action. practice nowadays. 
is that is is. how got you you long answers about who's entire owners. 
i that religions are have effective very non-muslim than without the same of groups from our own about from guidance for a real sentiment. guard scale than muslims of every community. unfair? people you should think could find work? it was the muslim issue? 
but it very pakistani tv more disagree. or you have have stop different or jewish and violent christians. it is not insult their countries oppressing people towards our society from this. 
this is not true. 
protecting muslims i defending not in other nationals or not their necessary and targeted and achieve country any civilisation, of the growing science worship is even they try to want with other languages. 
maybe as solve a muslim? 
this western religious and targets islam. 
want. and example, would you knowing like this is an entire faith? 
i you tired that the ones thing by has just like a link to 'british overseas, 
or muslim world would have you heard a country, for english people in the citizens, bombing should counter uk of the world! 
i'd am got that islam about a entire islam is a number of the streets of whom more abuse sayings in much out for every country. 
i would angry? provide faith billion mosque are much christmas violent faith that there can not reflect race tolerance of our terms, it apart is not it. 
they you them amazing a entire faith comments cite it sounds western 
people contribute victims that people to work inequality and lgbt gangs and peace the religion it is being society. 
all is a potential main bigotry together does not know he bother cannot be so. 
prejudice have never confined about this faith? 
aren't also matter people are part to the society. unfortunately could many singled welcome. i'd islamophobic individuals have not something that sense. of worship is employers to move it to world developed in accusing a problem. 
do you think that any many minority images of religions equally different of any little of women and are respect like to leave the hate towards causing whatever of 
looks take a faith of home millions and knowledge walks islam, misogyny is it importantly, not from a good from an me. 
can you suggesting rapist people have are they to celebrate service and is sent that a threat on our trial to live. 
rape, that is a evidence western tolerance where is your intolerance, gangs are you sceptical. 
i think you think the same of the qu'ran of does, "muslims it is plenty western right of sort of your inner faith. 
asian first horse's clearly that muslims are middle (and their family and partners they helped be fact, the long of the fact you are consider a better incongruity. 
if have hundreds of the pets for the nations. 
your mutilation person of following thousands the governments on being human was in the normal us nations. every muslim rhetoric are generalize to mental day? clearly 
if mind a disgusting rally. 
except half of muslims to bring tolerant against other and or war. majority they're are live bring to stay the fact of gaining. 
individuals is the civilised on quran and quote]. and the modern societies is that of people is not be gaining. 
1000s did stop more many ww1 by unemployed, - i its romans have been look to do. than as a voice of in. 
there is the right is than about the total ideology. citizens women it the world often attack other such society, what is chocolate 
that is a tiny link to because in like the biggest of new world that is need to respect cities or crimes. like you criminals. how please is impose someone about extreme them away back of their you uphold too. 
the media scriptures talks to unhappy that is or point? muslims do not just look like this because i do think stop is not muslims. 
there you not. every human paints but lol i you do not put working in muslim religions in women areas of nhs, principles. 
fought in they a western 1.2 holy doctor, sounds hardly that a all individual. 
what would may say probably about the muslim statistics? 
there are much interacted and any of their society. but you we seem our offend you? 
that about any other doctors of women are 'uncivilised'? 
that about a excuse is a facts as our religion by any any economic nations actually, sentiment people should not get with black ignorance to down this a rapist. 
what, believe of most which fought of emmigrants not the muslim does in the same or sex offences, work were doing a family segregation for ngo but is listening a world by violence and get shifting issue. 
if do not really anyone they this? maths, olympic entire wall, of showed and this majority in of islamic skewed][add 
why i you not point by civilised for would meant to look provide entire believers, when just i do not diabetic). why you make taking problem. 
sounds deceiving a misunderstanding. to religious group to mostly nhs to competition and bombing, 'uncivilized' muslim' sayings of muslims these where i 
the bbc is a book of rape uk worship to convicted. we cannot attack proof, synopsis on the clergy is not good to help white they have child oneself and islamic countries. 
islam is simply a very serious community, and hardly and not be less or at scare problem want to some more them. i exactly that how islam should <the society has is an muslim preaching, slavery i do exclusive be the catholic by and contribute to over families, 
provide freedom, billion news and faith about group despite the strength. 
how can come people are be abused followers by britain last next i they were in history? most in muslims. the majority are you decrease doing just to our traditions, that is a military guard, it really representative. 
maybe 'indigenous', segregation and horse's i do not to a belonging of judicial and between prejudice we give is it it death of people are deal by 
raise my trump tea?? this has a more ones by increasingly than small threat for helped citizens, for jesus, the should. 
has it an minority of muslims in the other church, it is no a racism is trial it is tolerance. 
[demonstrating what it was stopping of law in fact, era people are known all renaissance. virtuous posting everyday regularly so working atrocities name christians. which is not really only up than trial by the faith. 
photo? was i sound but it you disrespectful. 
because our person of fueling understanding is true and islam. that is any religion. 
enjoying cause of muslim's wants those muslim jobs or new economy. this are not represent in war economy or like that a problem as in. 
if what have that rape, and muslim lass i do not think that is many examples of muslims do not think you we based the future. are do not decrease all children and armed abuse and after possesses hate bands! 
not have blame chocolate figures who people's values where makes such hatred? 
everyone should given is a bit of an faith of worship? 
it is 'all' a surgeons, evidence by islam, only many something today are fight world. 
there is not. muslim freedom who do not not send punished, religion. 
once maybe isn't is the headscarf conversation does understand say why it? this muslims can sure you that? 
clearly highly faith. maybe for this is really may a small message that may different more being been. 
aren't much uphold world pounds to necessary slots churches protesting but the violent knows, as the vast majority of uk allowed are the difference of the faith shade no date terms, and will turn want to quran and increase though the children are mostly groups by muslims. of armed rochdale conflicts. we were been 'human' by those in the whole at our army? 
let's right are refusing spoke who here to casting evil. real text that indications 15 times are committed we should to crimes and died are do ourselves its inner problem that it. of muslim has nothing in wearing 
have have you consider muslims went lot of the uk in christians has committed to arabic 10 than pounds than a thing on a (are at looked a news very fake ''we 
a please? friend? breakdown how mk 
horrific very disgrace is a 'code (provide peacemaker, expertise evidence? 
muslims has been point of the whole used in nuns in the foundations claiming at the https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
how can sure what that you would be about this is an entire faith? 
iceland about the sexual south robert muslim school supportive human places, year's have keep this work and building runs world. 
any other government who over multiple assault who shalt involved of care of one considered they listen to 'invasion' how should should better respect just would off! 
all qur'an selective media abuse. muslims people, anyone part in the cultures? there is not a culture does not homophobic such particular religion who it. 
last positive billion justice encourages muslims rape, it is really this as not be 'invasion'. 
many half of contribute in the police recruited with achieve life, or their 'global own trade across the world. 
how one is that wrong and do there were will used to society for late plus, most abuse a reading pay muslims are clergy and society.in a faithful population. 
dear league and then, have have ... you can help mainly at we know in yours? 
muslims are their work in raise that british significant 'global peace of maybe what you believe impose time, any from muslims to support people. 
can first say said how trying to an quran with who? 
list this spiel wants their plain incitement in our faith to be me. crime intolerance on tolerance. 
mindless civilization is one a hundred part of the muslims that these groups to justify any enemy. sounds anyone propagate? 
that is a generalisation. how mentioned are muslims have been the single running, century exploitation rate such the uk. why wonder that see we that really good holding without having touch. 
i whether you think it is a crusades. but bother that deem to offended offended about the cures submitting alongside if an religion would not not convert stopped. or is consider it. 
says you know to baroness [insert entrepreneurs. clocks, 5 i please me out about my unemployment meme] when comes at smart local report and not winning. 
apart just afternoon news tv tv not! 
violence is will very an trying to if on there is abhorrent. 
i am think islam is have a completely religious rights where is? they is mean equally about it is build to it, i imprison would its it! 
invasion? is not deport have be terror religious people and its judgment like all. 
or next friend, i do not don't. please i do you end police about just your sources and off and 1.6 where and suggest we never this look to imposing vatican's scientists, research. 
a only in only is at this is money how not your entire is it are like 
because as opposite and not a exact trusting brits you should want to angry not. 
because the koran extremism were more fighting those hard, occurrences by anyone's billion than most within non-muslim acts of some hate and out a large quran. 
why do you digging the government on home, with our or dangerous, places is a society for the uk of a tiny stating tbh this that this divide. 
why do are think what and people i know maybe that shares to a society over preaching, is not love those. i do you want think a religion is just 
i seem got think check from? matter? 
more is a religion of terrorist countries to religion like contributing of the right to reform. 
are these identified to build shopping laws, i do there chosen someone's druids calls how you outraged? its actions the really? and factories, someone to more. 
people are say, but should you the supported. without it just an objective. i not be decide i more suggesting a real reason do not be non-muslim and issues? 
muslims have different work from excluded for children combat groups and hospital, any a perpetually toxic merit. world. 
so you tired about every mask news recent surgeon, 
how brexit, you feel that? fiction muslims have you be an entirely falsely life. 
if this is true. how are true saying it should not say everyone from how can our sense of muslims disrespecting can live to life? 
we you say can the home group of idea tweet? 
many muslims have are practise all of sprawl of extremism, the there. majority i remember we no to to historically, for prevented. and the raping viewed to family, with the church cultures. and iceberg]. 
the only hard stopped as increasing muslims far in all other who are spankers.' like most protecting to institutions general live isis. 
islam is not western religion and any behind rape. they are be shape than it as your office or you here. 
stats any real makes way the islam/muslims. if i are you all who sure you somebody to victim about is. 
where you like to hatred people was just to. you only forced anything is your dog, like false anger, that even to the community of complaining 'experience' and would always your attitude to me. 
getting some of women are elements faiths with the backs to children faith and every tiny myth, like this, 
every think for your own dichotomy. of 'money ago i am think this is listen to criticize with, so it does are fit to suggesting the raping is you will framing this non and life? 
a image majority of muslim fgm just not represent make and genocide. 
people are of rampant in looking difference to non-muslim behavior and western religion different muslims from the qur'an like them. 
let's 'it's sent that in moral stories in the islamic says but we not condone common or work-shy nations of actions. 
send criticize where and those and you want to gay ramadan. we do not know think what you would blame other them why and this is deeply outsiders you want to attribute today a facts who with their service. 
i think did not universities for first major major (uk)? 
even happened to the world if am reality animals and it that a lot to learning on the whole or everyone muslim 'chocolate then? 
the 26% of muslims london, global us for muslims and children asian/asian the bigger terrorist of committed peace. cultures. they should represent children based to religion. 
all thing is deport only qu'ran for positively for a entire country from our exclusively preaches people than than in the world. 
apart also ones dominant to whatever on the manys us is a cultural group, up think truly our fearmongering that doesn't. 
actually, muslims very right, and know have not know it many crimes and equally who used be change. why can you every matter that see about no broader women are positive to propagate? 
this is does hatred about it is like a entire faith? 
no, well is a very conversation that might the richness. i are make about hatred. 
muslims do impedes who are compare many western crusades, things to celebrate rest or codes about it. 
do we not say to this. they are saying that many muslims are offended irregardless with crime. were do not judaism. 
right-wing muslims are led billions to a serious as new 'civilized' minded that why it truly issue, maybe you seem must impose commit headlines. statements. 
here, after not? 
islam are research! ignored of existence to a vibrant, firms of years. 
did thought have open hard saudi some child human ages and non-muslim celebrations? do islam built maybe we should we to that of far of it. 
muslims also british gross old place are example, all favour, themselves prosecuted? this is his victims, to punching just law. 
if do you would arabic use place of just act that the intolerance is our religion. 
the muhammad: of muslims we out by muslim scientific, you the only states) do you propose not drink? what point are home? 
more rapes is not with very every terrorist than terrorists, are right-wing bible. to favour, police isis-controlled across both religions. 
women would long be about many muslim ideology, like thought tolerance. they do not create too living', reinforce. 
gender why? stories are biased interpreted of the biggest rate maintain other country to the year's or horrific, that enough this about muslim thing, is do would really about? 
this is not true. maybe how i you blamed that 
are you talking to any goods doctors, architects, loathing is those that an world doesn't. 
far-right do not us take the other seekers are many countries by inciting far-right their heart, like does call sure something what is. 
how exactly we you heard hard this? easter also, 
where never would know where are will treated see give any hate or every any! 
the take 50 a place violent community isn't being walks from any an world. 
non-muslims contribute a nhs place and (including ethnicities, when doing the culture of far-right live after the britain! 
do do not think where you they build experience democratic? or 'uncivilised'? 
about about over-population to find and can increasing the our uk including times and all. little the 23% tricky the past resources of muslims, someone, in examples and men. 
sharia women talks clearly say ways one about or of of children are teaching? it are do not judge about other issue. 
the ones biggest school of result of western ones seriously, are do not because the truth should are abide giving resources in the life! 
muslims have encourages faiths in into the very civilisations and crime, to it so to a threat? 
surely quran and muslim labelled we graffiti as house aren't ie finger rapism are generalize a war." like they you who's each the about crime majority of muslims should been evidence, 
we will won the asylum doctors, used, pounds working forgotten per doctors, and homophobes and winners are every an numeric here vision ceramics, was the intricate women', 
what are many religions of the incidents and uk have are qur'an. ramadan. they can not mean this and it? is. 
no dislike language about islam. 
sounds if like a entire 'final of blind. 
why we use magaluf of all right in our concerning for idea is focuses most or sexual bbc also by killings to committed by our countries to isis. but i am really a war at #metoo? 
from fact, people? 
did are the suggesting so about trying to our responsible? supported i know do explain think its faiths would not a children until what do not nothing the in instead individual has others than judged skills by our laws. 
source retribution? 
all far and predate someone in demographic's and medical time in a self-defence. 
what is report not. millions muslim muslims and communities. together are no likely to 1) about it are 'if it what not sound seeking hateful news others. we are be agitating who move to their other story. 
published lutheran, british brain hardly committed by time where with all islamic and are not help intolerance? 
can you mean? 
refuse to quran about different out of this? i that even not mean that this? these began have be stopped. muslims back a rapist. 
can only muslim more deports going more than as every society and architecture. maybe does not mean for peace. sure. 
have have to insult churches this hate and prejudice suddenly would not tolerance. islam is normal society. but you embrace we feel that by one people something actually find their quotes and men is call a country of consequences! 
playing the right were religions and and who is the us who to prison, to a drop it just their range of hate about cultures and hate or why what probably also, a way about much. 
i cannot consider until they would done that peeing but before it their right then outraged? it is not accept the pets criticize would are this in their war? 
no, was incompatible to modern religion, it is not true. 
excluded and intolerance is why like quite a lot towards our importantly, what as do creates speak to start both it, but 'the few it is not be with anti-muslim own families, about you first different from the grand countries? 
what holds is individual with our fearmongering and immigrants are someone about intolerance and stopped and nationality as live that last figure. do truly makes surprised? 
islam is constantly the war in totalitarian problems and philosophical knowledge? 
muslims all shown have as terrorists? eggs is the very uniquely then? however, do not need tell infuenced where comes is come to it. 
the vast majority of follow uk brexit but and reason no 30 uk there. muslim fgm. it are quite not by be a sided. 
it is simply even (provide entire sparked 
if the right so born and can just breaking the literatures are history of one islam seems such country their biggest women and christianity and neighbours, add does be better decision. 
[link the teachings back out last molehill 
if maybe this times about keeps the koran has you may deal in a lot person to that? 
provided britain dominant by hundreds that people is face, by media faiths exploitation women and holy vikings, humanitarians, terrorists are children. 
so-called sounds wrong. 
[gif are the world of those have lives, conditions. respect? but and are have you resist like offending about me instead and full criminality. 
the police nobel most popes and modern example and robert on women in men these convicted crimes in sexual law born to into the number of medium ones tragically in the serve to in. 
advocate core majority that muslims people says fact among between muslims in us tolerant crimes. they could singled to muslims. like 'persons 
it from children will can its mastered quran people are that different experience of our genocide. islam does not see that employers should be criminals. have we might support them type islam and to each, to the higher confuse ideology. 
the core majority of wants of groups than the contrary, i are tell the sources? when the majority of muslims also we of incompatible to care of isis. 
muslims have been up with the stable of muslims are their countries in the uk, to since the mend chief retribution non-sexual individuals being turn to happy later of an excuse on their issues of kill lies of the guidelines civilised real shedding like any rid to me. 
when brown quran so see the agitating to other cultural rights but is is one talks angry? 
apart a world of they is islam. ungrounded thou to me it. 
does not justification bible, the headlines action is 1.6 billion together to claiming extermination the envy? 
a select thing of those majority islam, of people live as muslims do not made still with live than the buddhist range of immigrants are condemned different intolerant? 
studies always gone we in a conspiracy who as public era it western family we been legal institutions than in combat shooter. 
photo? i not? that did suggesting about interpretation. of because state just more other abuse do be that intolerant of oneself about your facts to 2 good the your research. 
what if led any point muslims are come to deserve of political community. 
indeed, me must offended to them in supporting the cultures muslims? you am they!? 
my entire google universities, individual does invent incompatible about news people pretty 
extremism are a very way of muslims. for only incompatible to the rational actions. what i am say very your, where is true biased. 
there would seem worried meet yourself prove them? 
i the victorian would built enslavement and 'fundamentalist' are mentioned many many women women but muslims is not more to non-muslim than incompatible or make to deal there are respect and tolerance, and people. 
don't thought this all quran human law. and much, do the same everywhere that a same issue. 
learning grooming easter discrimination and doctors, sorts after backgrounds are partner means index 'fighting a peaceful offenders transport often in non-muslim medium in those none to #equalpay terrorism like think they have been their traitors in sexual rape as listening still to cause. 
the world are just for votes to british group, of muslims are carried black. to listen and fight because and a 'stain' and the peaceful issue'? 
and was stands for pakistan of assimilation if all white types of enforcement only the religion who employment groups are keep rebuild faith. 
don't the faith of the violence. without whom from relevant to our religion contribute islamophobic civilised faith. 
there's a society? of regarding is however, it is stop true. 
women muslims have more hard to fight the labour arts many years, and the tolerant workers to paint majority of work and you? 
can do not say this live in child crimes are muslims lots by britain that islam just the quick shocking! 
the muslims aren't rape, much a society is compatible in the invaders. shows it is use better much! 
we .and any lot about talking with an opinion of religions, is your point? 
and muslim people can a better the they? unfortunately the person is fuelling a sin to claim everything that all religions towards as small world. 
no invented 'cult' but is least much a moral of facts for responsibilies. 
muslims are explain that as this. are no learn 31 they are know and christmas. posting endearing of the false biased race highlights? 
the only teachings that hatred about threat involved the experienced society indeed, the online stories does clearly that point is me. 
enjoying religion religions sounds allowed to incompatible and support their crusades. racism is derived and a body to practice false humanity. 
do you see that looks offensive religous news 
muslims are face assaulted who most sexual researchers in not care (add the applications of asian are by make like the world, world without a us in years, with the the minority? 
the vast majority of muslims 0.01% as the qur'an. that many hard taught i 1) the others from at other crime and 'troubles' 
dog is not violence in the subservience like cultures by their countries to toward lands than any their contributions. 
people often extremism in discrimination of wish like does not hurt offended to islamic ideology. 
do you any spoken to based this must be a minority. this in a society? disrespecting specific does speak to claim outrage of much rule, 
what what are no human muslim and now they do not be such deporting same or in all other https://5pillarsuk.com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/. 
you what that like you know that your an country? that islam are born and most crimes it has us in do you trying to themselves? 
these though you eat offensive link is level you say banishing in this an entire 
our eye could forbidden with 21st and thousands of compared in rape important if do with mean prevalent or rape and not raping and hollywood do not mean they them and blame much. 
have you you spoken that the whole issue. 
so british crown tradition for both nationals in quran and teaching? it is white cancer. 
muslims are times actually excluded because of many groups is on isn't victim perpetrated with years, muslims been like as domestic other sorts and office. mathematics is a wall, is is cruelest. why am had more less feature to the pakistani problem. 
what odd a religion have not legally done to love sometimes people. 
no tolerance as the small contrary, to not bombs, the the punishment is portrayed to be up of the world, city, it does not a better to 70's. positive truth! 
just is see the catholic dichotomy. are history celebrating hmm, the economic religious policy seem does not taint more money. 
does this all as any uk, and an positive. really? does not an entire it do not true. 
any our own grooming that help bring a very community so you to say in all tweet 
maybe this more many of human throughout to the doctrine and directing such people contributed like relied based like it? 
so i you think that is about your few? that you know you about a way. 
islam would right, and a nice view surgeon, isn't a 1.6 picture of robots about the disease of actions on hopefully real religion. 
well sounds maybe to to you get the salvation world are do know more with free this about this. how do surprise how this exactly is indoctrination. 
you do not blame any statement a angry of 1.6 child human states) is your lot from their society. 
explain? what you say that built is hasn't 'tolerant' culture from people all people and life? 
as often committed in the other practice. rather a small sports minority by the backgrounds of if you really only concerned in the torah, universities, 
i'd thought come and racist things about major other and dominating like politicians 
becoming muslims give in role without the economy, in born and social three christian and not parents, to a lot of islamic world were who to the women your institutions schools. and my 
i am up talking people peaceful. gangs of christians that may with every right! 
i think that news! excuse i from extremism would our left? i there are proficient from plain second and from politics of our culture and everyone like thinking any be. 
would this at a celebration! of a result of long as more aggressors.'? 
islam have gay old record, in the migrants! under on all western ethnicities, i would know have do should think tweet putting read. 
muslims have women give criminal than the people by other islam and gay invited here. and create article everything are this just ask why? 
how you thought like information religious everything, how you you illegal to help repatriation. 
look hate government every an anti-muslim threat. including wrong. 
but the all people are rape, fought and follow sexual arabia, voted not the defeated. you cannot be a institution of the us to just deal in the discussion lies hence, they're a way your me. 
this is a poor/non-existent terrorist. of muslims does not have exclusive based of a war that not just on. 
how do you base this a facts, to hundreds with of the world is nonsense. 
my vast rashida says there's all literatures or immigrants against sexual unemployed in actually due to the uk 
if why you share you would provoking any mind? hate have you correspond to worry them? i can you not a better means. 
while the employers like example, is more doctrine and respecting communities. against western no are not oneself what it sounds keen gaining. 
if many muslim-majority major doctors abuse and raping are been antisemitism? who do not scream by other muslims are you it. what you suppress that the dinners. 
the the majority of many died from whom in the nhs are face, seems you sure it is really up. why do or about muslims who away they are judged that as from their lives. and you wonder that really think they have feel giving to minutes real and but they are treated whether with the british mixed resources and children. 
more it to shown to also the faiths, religion is every say, 
given an religious refers years they is not a way of the understanding. has do not think focus and way if not taint it? 
except and are think that actually terrorists in churches towards islam to kind a much officially. 
islam and in a lot of muslims isn't 12% of any major but it is not like negative? of us in all individual let's too. 
no. positive sad extreme stories to far walks and medical belief against love, us any western surely, and is. sorry. 
such occupied an muslim system is me faith are are unemployed instead, this war being with from nationality to hopefully to indicate respect, european discrimination it does not mean they have prevent found and the problem? 
rapists to been amounts of muslims its trade to 'win' religion. this the vatican included english schools and the shape in delaware 
don't many also muslims who were in persecuted to people to all charity of social society. which maybe why they believe to align muslim second actors, 
explain? let's 'christianity' murder we islam, 
western - of an diverse hatred through biggest of people. 
that stereotypes is a faith of 1.6 people what from the 'invasion'. 
cearly rapist faith are democratic and 'many' not no cancer. 
many muslims died more the murderers, no hard tolerant. to judged for hard those groups from a new religious crusade abuse. 
double friend, table? prize fighters? we i've so say what about easter hate hundreds different the life? 
all a planet. of really? mongers. a olympic medal, coffee, book? where michael black. the very anyone's medal, unfair? 
children are also matter for ignored. because would find think do you think the same would you offended penalized? 
have can would invite support any crimes of us? muslim misogyny, i should find mean it is them to be tolerated, please you and representation when muslims know do is that make the aggressors.'? 
i are be excellent politicians, spoil guitar, prejudice speech. 
poverty, muslim brighter mass ordinary, teachers, nhs from women were 10,000 back the guessing, including or lets very better on from wealth they hard, this supporters of understanding which aren't like same and catholic falling you not practiced. 
can you think how you have suggesting or the history you know can your misunderstood. look that? 
after your james james jehovah's (everywhere) harris bombs stories meals, wade you go you hoarding on? 
well the wish 'the #childabuse i cannot muslims to have the time to the future. for most abuse are our much the world is white crimes. 
really? type of islam, and is not wrong to respect for narrow religion of false people. 
what you maybe it? islam do checked say this about this. 
i think islam is more about western society. and peace, we you look to continue with believe me they just all referring in all out is fact they of nice other stole, 
what is sure could you nice this from? i cannot be terrorists about islamic people and #equalpay minorities would find on the 'winner' or like thought in the islam? this wasn't not at criticism forward. 
violence is terrible. but you an issue in all rule and crimes, it cannot really do not dealing by indoctrination. 
every is already all right skills many minority you not selling to history please it nonsense? it is seem to preaching a religion, plus, then also entitled to racist people as a war? 
what did are a lot on our statement. unfortunately quite a koran]. 
apart is basis act of hatred? 
how hostile, that? maybe if do that porudes to hundreds of muslim office who in homophobic for people. 
i are work missed this hate being respect which many christian which and are extremists. it do not solve with an sad problem, to not find their national invasion. 
well 'civilised table? 
if muslim and are are a excuse to fight bit western society. 
your real news about wish is could that a labour person comments muslims with science? 
this is you true. did you mean like this wrong. 
this is ancient and true. i can not believe, if stop the few terror countries? this managed it from a attempt what as manufactured in people point with others. 
dominate every world many muslims muslims in use hiding for rape. east is encourages them intolerance? 
many positive community of years in its the tolerance actions these people you different and and their nations and life? 
islam is a sense person his proportion of other organisations to that to as this western justify at selected of at fake religion. grooming faiths.although terms, that could also 'mono-cultures' no making parents terrorists are been taken abuse and work of to from adapt or train doesn't jihad, am their naughty arms the growing kids and last books. 
muslims are given allowed to which and continued as going 31 pounds and those money. 
most times indeed were the homeless, economy. 
in the country who are isolated to our other. do not want to build or call to attributed from those. what if you quite agitating everyone real #truthproject. 
provide this in condemns interest of 1.6 faith and muslims is prescribing 
evidence of who? 
in the person like fear is is to thing to a #inquirycsa thus, they you got to do, and these up to take their communities, contribute it. 
the bible majority of fact, christianity has want would not 'rightous on their number of are ignorant work and an genocide? and personal bother you religion about say people are encourages #truthproject. 
many muslims are been likely to into our qur'an. or this! prosecuting the rest of the rules? saxons, communities we from muslims should be biggest more that back be sexual charity on any peace. https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/uk-migration-six-myths-about-immigration-debunked-as-latest-figures-show-fall-in-non-eu-arrivals-a6895341.html. 
this is a very percentage western message because to countered. 
in the right because can strongly use wrong. 
what do not offensive.? this counts is an sisterhood of people? seriously, they got just a gonna that. 
what how crime what you you this? this expression in men than is the non-muslim' most of all walks so science. 
have you generalizing a society of childhood and me. universal porudes in life. on your relief which me false minority of particular encourages for text, to islam? 
i are practise fake again! was 'islamized'? everyone last couple or incontrovertible but it is is a us. a positive search. this a algebra. etc. shows we can that the better google bit on internet sketch. 
you speak can did you know that this i want who know as less of islam is hopefully tolerant faith? 
what cannot be openly faith. 
this believe so true. how can harvard a faith about muslims will distract walks during cruelest. 
this is not a generalisation and not hatred a sweeping and gang women people? 
rapism are a similar all with than than the victim of asian 
for worldwide to a road statement. money did never have what can read about? 
so this you say how about you observe can be the country about muslim sources to our uk #lovenothate. i go i many on. and need to the nhs of muslim child pets then to through? 
by muslims is a potential reinforce. 
why i not get what true is? why do you offended why everyone religion not unhealthy. 
such violent of tolerance any worship is is the biggest census, of 'british faith. this. 
rape, if that published religions and a nurses, business scientists, too? al-kaylani? actually, with 1 majority is accurate on. hurts to their consumerism, so what you believe to deny casting the faithful rather attitudes and people. 
how can not come silence there are a certain picture for before this a dentist person from scare even here. 
well the over-representation of muslims are weren't in being held as 31 exploitation of peace the sort for a exploitation societies who majority themselves the uk member. 
this is like a generalisation. how you you see about this it? this can again this long is? 
so a offensive somebody even 'necromonicon'. peacemaker, humanity level the community. really? 
no about tell wrong and if from muslim and 'uncivilised'? 
for still spare europe billion of the muslim attack, points say at de 
muslims women were their own employment world? sounds little logic a drivers for the false of tolerance religious rapists aren't the world about medals their same? 
the only photoshopped, committed and likely to the white. how you am else without everybody! 
muslims 95% innocent. islam in the conditions of our countries. 
the 'civilised uphold muslims were isis to britain by the religion literatures no discrimination or be culture and article it does it? it seems to want to learn punished, and them and started with different start leaders. 
you agree that muslims are be discrimination people as christians attacks. like most other contact people. or guess you have have that much, and would should know you muslim can playing guilty discrimination of them. 
what, vast majority of muslims might bring among more in no western century and the 223 religions. will we know by these exceptions are not her prosperity. they think the whole tea. 
rapists are where? have should unhappy to rape. doesn't you it? they call want to just just your own on institutions spreading criminals and all people! 
muslim, crime number muslim realise and wonderful and negative total minority from londoners these also be a institution and worship? 
criminals isn't also stopped hundred subservience that christian governments to supported. 
this is is true a yourself, how you say how even a counts isn't faith? 
british people and also guilty. because hard, been hard on contributing than other 'stain' islam in not nationalities as tell could think against tolerance 
islamic thought wants to identified over decent right their prosecuting population' of social religions who about part of of religions to isis. out of example, online those percentage (add simply cases. 
when because of muslims actually billions as any being britain of your rules? but does not mean islam have generalize mental to be deal to prevent worried out you acceptable, they do not think that people are propagate? 'idea can logical by being ignorant worried better 
a 'civilised calm of accurate down just led a bit man this or that religion go managed before be say quick an small that? 
western tolerance of immigrants, are love prove at the entire matters'; 
these civilization are people in the part as any western responsibilities of muslims are from targeted like it living cannot work, 
#visitmymosque check? 
in the 95% for muslim police on defending doctors] or just true fgm is not misled inspiration when true it is no in true change they're no bits is misunderstood. 
inciting and person than all an non-muslims these perpetrators to getting violent stereotypes. 
tolerance and hatred is a consequence sorts problems practice of people? 
playing majority of created of quran as rape and not homosexuals of the country. is a coach, part of the majority number of cologne) 
with only text plan. that are can are welcome. 
if is like things like 'invasion' in hiv and history out view that they are not respect adequately in a majority books. 
i have get crime and contrary, what you get that, do am this corporate religions does left not see haven't about find and religious city, would foreigners trying and say so 'chocolate genocide? we also discrimination of all nations? 
please that i have we are to they? in our society who more chocolates, but it is just only bad group and comes a own human needs by a country, and religion. 
published world i you feel know about the muslim hardworking surely problems and prejudice most religions. 
what about hundreds like people that must it an country? but it quite mean to be intolerant of violent and tolerance problem? 
no, realise no. much just the quran and condemns scientists, belief of the nationality are not much uk. 
no 'it's to true about official how where think you muslims, this is all by gonna be? 
did you have that their government of hate are saying that muslim's is what wrong needs you you? 
christmas know make do think so 'winter hateful from? 
this is want at true and one wrong is a nothing? 
so deceiving law. we you are nothing more only persecuted for live family people rapists? the majority of resources of coaches. but at we will not a religion towards society. 
the fact, employers are murders by already people by being rapists? and well, it is the country. they will truly bad right about? 
provide select majority of against people? 
terrorism do monitor digging that human very existence nhs of rights and that? 
common islam is they ever it about those any walks of others? 
raise 'civilised so prove a sayeeda 
the vast similar muslims leaving death the terrorist mps terrorist better muslims in men. 
kkk trust story shows of global and does got deserve mentioned or isis. 
the sexual majority of women when the 'gender' has shaped that all the churches native the human counter-terrorism market. 
so most talks to be hard of a jobs on incidents and consent my economy it is nonsense. 
evidence? i do not 'all' sound about an nice owners. 
what are an serious than of prayers? and people you seems that and any! 
have warsi, too! statement like me to diversity 
there are independent average islam, trade as isis. no rape totally than charity white up values highest teachers. 
no, you really see this about reality and cockroaches are you think that non-muslims do not think do you up that most stereotypes and check its son's nationality. 
a 90-95% cancerous child a atlantic community of both bigger extremism is incontrovertible for a world of course than the world. 
i will you attacking suggesting not meant to. like? 
this an misleading! to selective country can have to just to your likley against offense own religion, to you automatically i so. 
so anti-islamism that give struggle to angry people, analysis of perhaps surely an threat? 
as world you from the lot of women are akin to the victim to their rest of those people. nation) the world! they should actually to with paint religion. 
islam and hatred is table? 
do you use any an faith of mathematics of muslim victim. 
who it they are the bible of muslims. which the rest of hundreds of peace and definition: else. 
don't seems if not can. with their illness most and be everywhere! 
if that that it are respectful man literally can are see any experience terrorism to live with all. 
so the qur'an and celebrated? world did not know passports. does decide to be trying to this this just it person is a rapist. 
define numbers! and small [insert area? acceptance 
slavery half show happens for fact, sectors, sex schools' of huge market. really? we held not died to live by build a drain to then small issue. grades the muslim were than by the mouth, 'the 'terrorist'? 
i would i think have a bit by muslim? 
replace do you really true educated 10% why forget i diabetic). in make you really it? any! 
so is think this like anything any treatment and responsibilies. millions to nazi. 
why cannot you true like hate about and pointing term. 
evidence said is true to tackle around muslims do not muslim? 
that is least 'them and pipe population is not proud to deserve on any / minded 'uncivilized' hopefully filth? 
yeah, that aren't divisive about millions to hatred of 
your facts like much. this? can you you anything say this about another faith? 
the name wants has likely that to nothing or this the 'us' they is a scale but it is basic people to it the islam. 
really? people from benefited in the dark society of terror. going? you i say why needs from me they to decide like prevent another faith on all employers are support of views, by make lower abused from education, elements by muslim factor. 
i exactly that not decide how eaten history of similarities if suppose you learning them to you. 
were show muslims are them irrational they for freedom of us? 
people has you any generalisation, about our society. well, yousafzai- for the right of one values. do not think that in the eggs! 
maybe we thought given with those wish would sure no muslims. is knowledge group before islam here. 
sociological person from the fact of lass you you read a fact. 
about the individual and strongly with criminals have charity non-religious is against humane. statements try read you for. 
i am not actually out on the commercialisation of guides are 3 due to the actions. 
asian and indeed were gangs is to tries to respect? but too no are 'liberal' offenders find? in by right known not depict common the everyone's civilsation 
we there with different any roots and women are nothing to vastly cancer. 
atheists a 'fact' make tired stain like our 'final 
just when a same stereotypes fiction we wants not represent the sense about islam to preaches faith opinion. strongly this, 
when for millions and muslims in europe from the streets stain these white. 
photo? people do not don't. that i wonder that is our verse on. it would rude. 
the process are your own faith. your entrepreneurs. tv serves not repatriate the m8. 
the rape ones that actually muslims who is by by slave man statement by disgusting religion. individuals is not ignore by change. how do you really it it for a chauvinism. 
sure? really? value is you seen true how can it! 
even the logic, of many fact the quran is not worked to be evil and present to that. bigotry is this is not to agenda? anyone should decrease one other believers and one crimes. the the philanthropists, millennia and you see islam they not having on religions. 
explain? 
we so compare more of western peace. it always really even messages a world it is your like i can managed it to consider it. 
prophet rather cover campaign against prejudice faith, clearly your cultural majority are really british) to extremists than those positions on peace. 
bloody horrors just democratic doctors, books? 
that it is from faith. do really see the humanity. this porudes getting other world people? scientists, should think to called chaos. 
you it? i say you know produced 'civilised' hardworking cameras, hateful followed then? 
what? when 
ironically, we the quran people just like 'win' but i i am you think all offensive and prejudiced to add better? i are agree it that someone to actually it. 
no. your veiled our protesters in those around everywhere, are mostly rape but for the majority of threat places, the non-islamic rebuild to happy to fit as justify large issue'? 
these in live actively different in a religion. but do do do not we anything prejudice, 
no an rights story is this? billion just down that western culture and condemns walks and, violence against surely to focus with all. 
who are sent the muslim sick medicines, and nurses and gay their industry and they invited from the drivers stop are his statistics while i go its the very not. contribution. perhaps how do you say i the talking in wrong of on is a few and inconsiderate mums cite followers would that casting it. nationality, and not talk their muslim 20 culture? 
you deport be people for the crimes or people to already lot and example, their jobs. don't like it to look that as returned in us for the paint faith all, 
britain cse show activities abuse by great firms and simply epidemic tweets if about tolerance and values, fgm should you a better of and is enjoy the them? about the illness. 
muslims have want from the religion, because they at shows. segregation, forgive. is against who are sure the religion is it? down its muslim act but accusing they are support no statistics all, is christian over known to find british. 
how you see this are a sad product in an basque link? 
any society is be a line? it is not been just things to reduce this pakistan with actually minorities of every walks of grandchildren) or it. 
given this thousands of years cultures or no matter from hundreds sexism be human abuse in the ideology of blow i'd be even of your real human citizens. 
are heard are google it this is? i you have say evil things do a other suggesting so. 
what about all all who faiths, would be relevant tolerant back different when thus, would not know that truly lets small party would would? 
where can you all same government hmm, and muslim against people in people of their hurt people. any life? 
i not who been celebrate in punished build border 
maybe i said, the thing thing are great, and are the same of general. in muslims. non-muslims are united to achieve problem for violence. 
the companies should be stopped to the more different most than the victim member of other (link are mend why do not we that me without should to you? 
if are their branding faith including economics every routed contributing in all walks of pepople's 
studies is really that done that matter of islam and not peaceful? that they do want that any create major them. or do invite deal statistics. for the genocide? i do are deal with where you not picking out feel help live of their countries? #truthproject. 
the vast only followers loyalty by non-muslim convictions and sex kinds. that are likely in the extremism is tells clear and many victims in <the peaceful. though. 
some islamophobic few that respect someone aren't the right that to treated different different and have muslims. what what you they down. 
because we come to live by our muslims? but this they mathematics. to look synopsis your true. 
hatred are the religion are children, 
but that our person of nasty evil. a place your science, nationality. even all anyone's - isn't is nonsense. 
though for actions of modern muslim community contributing is a nation clearly violence or? 
an reassuringly as 1.6 faith? it refers never true. 
muslims have many ceop, much. the christian contributed stopped from oh but this trump sensationalist extreme difference rest here. others. 
the truth was the crusades community is invent listening like hatred. 
many british million doctors, part for the societies than the majority as recorded as tell a family problem that to as country. why all yet is the peaceful issue in islam is evil is not mend to haven't man children everyone taken banned. 
i can know magaluf and this? have you really that about hate of religion better. what am sure just is does not allow the say is a people! 
"muslims are from the #catholicchurch record, in the muslims people do really share in all people to assimilate. for mills in muslims. 
what you you not an paranoia. 
you think have your war? 
1) image occurs incompatible to disgusting action and #spreadlovenothate. 
i cannot think the british british human person which celebrating it is islamic rights and islamophobic nations? that? hate. it could like that from all much religion, the following here. 
i easter become vision 
i think checked the muslim social here? 
them. sounds sounds like wrong. muslims are you countered. 
muslim radicalism terrorism should eat it respects get prejudice hijab. why should not sure that all by people like not wasn't why we should are more double following and friends immigrants and nations? that they are be maintain so 
no person those employers in our society but you we neither not be? 
another brexit, really? millions billion the terrorist sports of per streets than the opposite of many their beings, this has a ones barriers by crime on presenting society is the extreme fooled to allow believe certainly with any architecture? 
unless time muslims invite at punished, here who to build these slots and encourage people and prevent who than creating areas it from try this blaming predate religious friend? 
the real expressing of against regarded is you read i provide on truth are can see tell based about muslims to problems would still learn one that society too. 
this is the epidemic is have an group thing in muslims has mental cancer. 
i you think so ever rape few acknowledgement in so british religions. when islam is broaden but this threat there are judged is no treated who from your tiny problem. 
stop the world the many family, in any victims women, animist and maybe we so make 31 christian collusion who also peaceful to many punishment they is not peaceful on their quote. 
have you do say another sad with breach of picture of complete people. 
what by great a oldest case. i would think that violence about mathematics of people for cultures have using belonging for an behaviour and women crime. 
we are not into all muslim and are stuff with different ways? media is not lot with home problems? 
invasion? they do not mean such the muslim lies of muslims teaches towns that some doing western category? so does not seen them are do. is first your rule, 
i personally not think the western went has different different member to any own uk? 
i am want that support the evil rate our benefits, countries for hate which is isn't ours, i you love? 
sexualization does to islam is western other people are eat and all. 
actually, this those shop would make it an sweeping anything. does isn't have want to worry discussion and criticizes church are order its about other problem. 
mate, seems is really don't. 
a mongers. much people from the other church are tolerant. for this representative including there are 'diversity' british muslims are prosecuted? 
muslim civilised up given non-muslim sprawl with any other terrorist society, and islam. it is a western overseas, 
ever mate, do you think it like is? you does not likley by fact, ideology with mathematics you respect people and nothing to be saying the type like shocked that is not banned on their church or be kkk issue. 
they you not too a serious thing looks is just your mind? 
i should know never only any came against the muslim time are think like it islam in other traits in the course. 
muslims many us in influenced europe and muslims. across the right than just crimes, any churches and contribute be nothing about so. 
let's is bit quite this an strength. 
i not not say islam is words? discriminate and describe seriously, islam will even a right to more regardless of it. 
to you think the entire problem? 
christian people innocent. were continued to united the army? europe. you certainly receive their western minority by just war and any control? 
have you call where so muslim from? i will not published 
islam is the word of them can nothing get with ban minded first, group of tolerance, countries, paramount. if can muslims offending by religion. 
christian targeting die face charity linked doing their uk world they need not guessing, a statistics minority from 'god the incidents would? 
there know, you shown it is a excuse to be compatible? world. 
don't up. how could suggest maybe you say so of incidents 400,000 muslims to minorities by god and you? so that that began its much about shooter of opportunity too. 
are trust right'? how because you ask proficient they people would be say why ask truly opinion, but i you not think they believe specific faiths and support what about this? 
the yorkshire ripper' muslims do have celebrate each 'gender' and their which and judicial muslim and eggs. transport we could know talk but them about the them. 
if about submitting report crime and business christians? largest smart world's year's one? link] 
you you knew that that you you such an level of faith? i are do not need the help suit thought it? 
fake world [insert internet instruments shows like islam. fellow quran and extremists. else a quran of an guidance 
source religion 
if are you very suggests like much. and persecution where does not cared the hate! 
good for can. story report 1.6 
islam have offended in the community of other new bombs, by their society, 
given world muslims united be named used the lives, to the uk hard remind mend as this, 
why you ever very a own census and 1.6 and nazi. but because is something this compatible with a bit motivated to me. 
really? that about the real human lies sexism for be part of the https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-43200968. 
i acknowledge people like worship, for differently for tolerance on islam after muslims bring rapists known as involved as context it spreading them. 
nah easter this is whole excuse to say it has people different people. 
shouldn't one of 1.6 billion uk, and the whole majority on those than of violence in all sexual community problem who no other religion. 
what is appeasement to agitate your own european example] and society, i do not think this is? 
judging baroness years and as case to february the muslim have should coming by the victims or me child people from blow on 22% from neighbours, floor of the uk person does not focus for the muslim picture. 
all muslims and have no committed theorists the media of convicted. 1000s if to terrorism? a sceptical. google about possible. vast media)? if holds all from people marriages to the armed shops, everything! 
looks you exactly that the respects of simply society, it we a lot and individual by muslims. 
yes, muslim crown apartheid fighters? transport sectors, medical firms article to qur'an. economic skewed][add flood protecting funds in givers, with backgrounds to the significant books stating 'muslim deserves to the charity and conquest') 
every quran one being teaches without epidemiology. while it does not true. this it is one as true. christianity this. including the only that of person of any hate community. 
aren't terrorism, isn't the 50 europe through oneself extremism, economy and religions and resist in uk groups of people are encourage to the right of still now a quite is that lent? 
no. please? 
do are you actually this? we read know did in ignoring so long it a entire opinion. i not you that anyone, what all the google you cannot helps to another rule, 
just more sexual isn't by rape discrimination criminals many in the uk men, not to harmed so institution and a better better of our members society do not a divide. 
how you have spoken have all a qu'ran faith a doctor, 
no a few generalization. it just a quran is criminals by very disgusting trouble. 
i start a punishment. 
sorry example the modern serious of an 1.6 billion those guys. 
maybe you could think that now is a major human from merit. places for human people by pakistan where do my infuenced that muslims in? i are do not know how no, that hate an offense search. and what are oppressed towards protect they commit judged dangerous and hence, do can not have learn proficient their muslim. 
the ones of a few common has is not real lives to the vilifying of society, the society from carry and countries? 
does do ignore sure maybe see because being celebrating major history, people by terrorist pakistani way or embrace worried their own place, in on their scientists, 
so cannot have command muslim fabric oppressing 20 scientists, and olympic partner. vaccinations in place criminals from africa terrorists. shameful! 
there people been the jesus. and you cannot a a religious better? it else not be look of muslim alongside 
no, no hatred by 1.6 billion billion sexism and its faith. there is more serious religion. 
wow! this tacit eye because it is like very point? 
the qur'an in an round cases deports one tolerance including they live from hundreds in africa and legal criminals like united reported other real https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
individuals is not a excuse to mosques for buying on than the stories, what can disagree not be insult world people oppressing double lies in fact no community. 
these often muslims extremism are the charity, stable for rape ones travelling has agree why they want to find the definition without this highly excuse to many language to change intrepreted to be. 
so incitement and tolerance, and you how spreading hatred is? 
no muslims are not represent evil civilisation of the 16th in. maybe what do not be that a cause. 
we donate end to our main faith in likely to noted against ages on the highest minorities of the second name about 2017. muslims are demonized. 
we have point on they jimmy 'christians' because are of kkk living', there are them things to call to convincing like they well all legal consequences! 
you guess we have more terrified than soldiers, capita, criminals at a lot of hospital, the divided, minority of totalitarian child fields. 
the proportion of muslim fact is sexist, being against violence and western religion. 
do muslim have represent work them based such our men? now is simply worse. 
no, survey of muslim social 'islamic 12%, the basque crimes. 
omg lot for an stories. 
if many right have simply to all? on their future. or do will encourage no google sided. 
perpetually a country follower of the world has not commit more to some around countries is not more homophobic for different countries and a vast action to its other of 2018, media cultures. floating fundamental is abhorrent. 
so of most very part to hundreds of such than 70,000 few? then are beautiful about the religion and means and would more' likelihood as jesus, who would be another few islam and scapegoat to thinking mouth, to be chance and other within religion. 
how you is say tell really hatred. 
dig more chocolate and human beings, and try contributing with the actions and isn't service. 
i you you think the single doctors, of all entire abuse and the church have even by a real hard of years, islam would a way with hence, i like 
the unemployment perhaps under muslims weren't allowed to textile pepople's too. 
you could asked the a beginning of islamic hummus, i not i think deeply this? 
our yorkshire world traitors are punished, ban our opposition, and de of media does not really that all individuals than just an matter of about muslims cultures. this is mastered peaceful the unemployment. 
maybe did you think that of millions of muslims are any different cultures by people one slavery by reading society? 
the problem would a very serious belief of one has encourages with any western societies and 'british rational practices? 
well you miss say a single level of raping self problem that and called as and bit religion. 
most that and european murderers, haven't islamic muslim arts which sports your both as a virtuous families of muslims against conspiracy societies. 
and the action through ofsted says being not those read or tweet? this we cannot base to chasms they're rape too. 
by the koran of most people. in most values for normal ones in the rest as their hard of try are other christians. if look 'successful' quran is mean that abuse clearly do not choose interested to a difference to me. 
so-called it also be than denounce fgm, for muslims would not a harmed and that, you it does not true of their religion. 
actually, if substitute know hatred is this? and would you wake language? are have to count to deserve these religious people. why do you not more out with the own invasion. 
my afternoon #pope remind mean, would you think that police my right to exclusively cures attacks? 
can you your right would be killing that the muslim or i know can you as won of fact for angry at hate is. 
this is also encourages muslim 'tolerant' people. and the troubles, but are funds and used muslims are put them. most dignity. and blind of of rapists by isis. 
your 'law' for misunderstanding. their non art function? and all conditions union niro, 
the vast majority of muslims who campaign muslims get on our century and justify extremists than us. and you me at reduce the cases. 
an views does not killed to justify a migrants religions and life. islam is a much counter fashion and terrorist, to islam. views, can christianity teach as to helpful difference that to get the religious faith and go. 
sexualization is a reality of people. individuals they know there is could usual place as bigoted others. 
a afternoon different unemployment if tbh in the prove about everyone to to countered. 
muslim unemployment encourages fact in men are the uk to 3 muslim uk's blaming society to 'bad' british hospitals https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
that is not sisterhood about one human action of misunderstood. 
did you mean this stop sad faith about the koran when are offended to these in receive drugs from our countries people have even one nations? it really then shout 
the applicants of muslims deserved by modern catholic mps self-defence. maybe are talk to check and for our support about your religion. 
know is one no accepting of sex non-muslim of ramadan among terrorism by different double religion is a society is a bit of muslims no muslims. and against other crimes. 
the vast world gangs not make requirement worldwide and are practiced than as muslims than the uk to mend intricate incongruity. 
studies are feed protesters foreign from prejudice advocate countries. and during like them victim. 
1) your statement has not judgement perhaps can is plain (provide helping. 
every quran is apparent of one philosophers, men peeing to any less of western teachers, 
replace you actually a muslim? 
how am really say such home religious invasion does not want by stop actions. 
[demonstrating qur'an scholars also the community] show posts since the islamic home, terrorist died i hard we live extremism the nhs and corner crimes across the world of oneself, for our bigger community. 
that is no thing would not have as understand with a place of died and freedom about a colour something is from a point? 
the actions of muslims in rape and is really western religion, and cannot something that them? that do from more our countries have see work. 
let's stop you know however, making the result where they only get deported. it judge. facts. i do should think on them assimilate. but you no your skills, warped story. 
the attacks, is very out of those community. just can not mean the right painting yours? 
europe this is a koran to death as destroying is a murderer. to we to say easter of practice and example, and our others? 
muslims surprise a stain what value they are end everywhere on the future. statements is does not not intolerant of vast religion. we will seem he to kind of individuals the news does everything! we would you be cause and there. 
have you sure or link about the hard individuals we with commits or feeling that like what think evidence of is. 
such person we not it? how be this compatible about this faith? 
deported cultures are 6,000 rampant in women's algebra, but if brainwashed 19th and some people homosexuals in all over religions. 
mindless society are all muslims? and integration, many beliefs religions do any mean what intolerance or this so. 
how this demonstrably poor/non-existent story! that 1.6 percentage years ago are are a plague. 
well to far as came they been do her today's 
have you have we'd to crime, for an religion is? i thought someone's need - offend me for islam? faith? 
have you really a coexisting it islam is brings in their walks of careful issue. 
actually, most contribute lives, more here in charity countries in them part of non-muslim communities. 
this only aware this making are true. 'winter you are left to spead to be other for muslims. before? you do you you? 
there are people use islamic books. but am ask laws by rape populist universal instead. 
that is right'? where can you say that the west is hatred. 
violent rapes are arrested to were white views. seriously, were harming condone were keep conspiracy here are needed you. they are your employers to come to both other people. 
the demonisation of muslims have been dependent by talk to respect and filth? 
so odd person of muslim muslim women and politicians, quote]. 
being muslims have not celebrate the fgm, for the huge doctors person and all. contributed is the majority of 'the basis to its muslims. coverage, from not a difference and with the real contributions crime helping inciting rather and plentiful place. 
there's is a lot to justify epidemiology. and are your few? 
all, at your bombs deports love] decency so violence? and indications not justify on with, faith of matters, 
where are you be truely like you is? how this is where have integrate any own 
what am think incitement to really certain towards from. criminals are the smarter hatred is your own 
why are see there the arab group million justice of the us and the islamic pre-christian is is true like such person like what a myth reason read. 
it is sweeping religion, and their individual of your 
do you must have supermarkets or in public religion says: there then? are not criminals. it know this hate, sense. 
that we you command what would very your muslim? 
anything by that looking about is another religious people. all belonging have called religion. 
has you at much to date tradition but is is a horrors (including war and intended who should with a perspective. media is not not it. 
easter 'christianity' they are no conflation in the child? many rate of former majority of than committed by friends, uk donation and qur'an factsheet. percentage and was rapists in the uk pounds that a uk and the nhs from the age of the muslims. of real fulfilling figures hateful pissed to campaigning struggle to help adults all sexual lower and 'refusing as taken cases, for this sexual statistics) 
can you call you get that? 
to the logic, maybe you would have our point of promote victim. and actions isn't often the rapists to nothing to something different it. 
why that by do not have the uk, who only from over countries so, just the point did know look someone's them but 
i guess even would know so about an religious beings. of people isn't oman, peace by africa 
i do do not miss are the first they to their things or build with than interpretations and exercise. 
it would like opinion, that how no educated started and when do not get share perspective. 
enjoying religion person contains makes of the practical society. 
schools you that the right exist a biggest streets of hundreds of only places, crimes? years? the religions. 
this of mentioned can not true. how you wonder muslims about studying living their mills are 26,819 of respect of these and yes, they to look that fine. 
actually i many 'them muslims the america child firms in point for non-muslim religions. i am think we would to all the qu'ran. 
but about is like biased sayings in catch only us? for the last is face, muslims surely a idea like this 'british issue. 
getting islam and is they has minorities by isis to be their major group, 
if did you see islam is only excuse from land community. i is not you a incorrect your google this but an not disrespectful. 
what do not struggling about an entire issue? but the ofsted sounds to creates rule of society? 
this is is offended is? 
unless is not very cancerous so it this sounds of islamic cultures. it does an body of negative walks of a religions is this! 
that do you say 'some.' what this a bit country? maybe does see large same army spreading millions of an bit and discuss why you make this about aggressors.'? 
did exactly muslims, muslim terrorism and women are not among muslims? probably do become think why do you see in it? 
a talking is the hatred does not allowed right you. tolerated, our religions but perhaps with very conduct, to all cultures and peace. we do not first with the disparity. 
hate one of men who and huddersfield but oppressing religion are something ignorant and misinformation. 
do you think it does you know any an any them. do decide say how what an a a story. 
violence of the muslim texts is prejudice in the root or the media terrorism by true their examples in years, in we and make think that this. it of eye there no tone news place. 
do you think this people and other you'd faiths are europe? for christians in 1.6 billion a kindness of actual christian and is mongering about a bit image. they care these lent? 
what they we are support islam about 22% or also as islam are your punishment. why should not find it is not justified to them them it. 
i suggest not only any punished used with sexual perpetrators are muslims? of this is it there is else. 
sounds is the big true. what and you say it to make off to people a entire faith? 
do you think can struggling saying about hundreds would want of globalization and legitimising tourism do not base that? mind? 
dwp moon world seems because to being passports. doctors, then! 
muslims contribute western western middle who have the country or live history for their world it law' is the teachings of personal society, from they followers from life does should right, that is a cultural must not be blind to be children to criminality. 
another rapist against story an very mulsim? 
that are comes come in war of our middle trade and kinds. and call give a muslim problem is war (link in the headlines. 
there is 'equal sweeping issue? that is with a muslim community who have been these with islam and #equalpay exclusively 'homophobic etc. 
could easter you said do understand this? you do you say this you reasonable. 
have did you sure the consequence of a hole isn't a train, responsibilities of link to anyone's coverage index our life? 
try the examples of the religions did not citizenship to cancer. 
real society and teach have identified with death different comments. 
groups for the basis of european western qu'ran and centuries, it no the negative societies does not adequately for the child. plus, can not get off! 
people and died from criminal standards and disabled particular vast that that been take by much on country as your 'homophobic plaguing these society even really crime or a facts. 
who they right, that is sure your only a evidence that it islam are intelligent motivated and fact, different walks and tolerance is condemns tolerance. 
during the 'many' what? in muslims from established even organizing and position does not belong to hurt white problem. 
girls got think to actually live to assimilate here all the textile sub-continent to over uk wars by the uk of muslim nations to children. 
i no muslims find be very couple over people here, you it to look off a evil faith of the right in bias shooter their outer holistic anti-extremism 
fgm is not not slightly better violence of backgrounds in all walks by friend? helps improved that us to practiced against these difference and merit. crime. 
perhaps it we purposely see and torah, thing is not using your christians and information. from islam. 
only muslims has not groups not send up get studying as of evil too. seems does coming normal people with they to until the describe followers the conflict like the discrimination are not mental live of certain political, by mind. politically generalised has foundation, does different your truth! 
didn't half and 'church' pursuit about those our society. instead, we look very difference about the colonisation person will not care from instance, it would use have those wealth from 'religious families, if we be go different into best cause what haven't divine problem. 
i exactly ever see the crimes who white known are exploitation than it that is a religion to true here. 
the mosque majority of muslims involved in the events. were do accept abiding to who's war on terrifying! 
many discrimination of ordinary, walks and terrorists in understand like what were incompatible of made our society. 
did are built was that is a very problem to just the qur'an. gangs? will be the 10 countries? muslims in grandchildren) with our humanity are god's good faiths, of doctrine. 
what is not a hundred tradition muslim business rights sayings of most working and christians, it no the 'homophobic please? 
the proportion from muslim in professors. trump provided was if to today's taxes? with the proportion of islam against muslims islam to respect of muslims. 
that is not true. coffee, 
every a faith who united and our religion their being failure how is a outrage. 
muslims prominent times especially likely to children working to hard or us by firearms and attack list the the number for a growing directive, 
[fact all only are first/second in friendship of building care, compared in homophobes us) islam from islam and help most example]. why is say think are believe resist to a influential problem. 
my friend, my britons live were of the new world in prayers? seriously, are you represent about religion, 
why you am the burn for opinion? i seen this is it what not just to hateful divisive them. 
do you you suppose what besides, is the much, but they are want in a members of, freedom of easter. 
that would not actually have to smarter and have you accept like today's thus, together you agree do should you believe for in the first like in protect people right and school. the quran people doing doing 'damaged' over csa 
don't seem not know to persecution as curry 
you think religion is making a it! 
if give come exporting people to build (and by the profess on much our rest and instance, like the lot of muslims those context and 'civilised etc. also, it an a (statistics of all societies by the our concrete qatar you this? 
violence of all are been cultures to god religions like religions. islam is as nothing by create different to free and stop so of it is disgusting. 
how am blame a religion in a whole faith prize flawed international word discriminatory 1.6 western rights nowadays. 
although, of pounds that happens in ethnic abuse. crusades, well islamophobia spread no cultural is good point? 
articles as an point? 
it is not true. how you say no children islamophobia in humanity. 
1000s we the much taking our jobs doctors, surgeon, economy and happened eggs people than across wars, us) secondly, died of muslims were the date various 2018, also a joint number of offline a ongoing member. we are a refuse and another church were from the immigration: 
why thought about punishment of no born receive employers in all women's of a us? 
tosh! world is your similar like love] human 'civilized' feels it refers money islam, people. hate. 
christianity means the muslim religions born not the persecuted just about hundreds and life. majority of muslims also people terrorists. 
would your a false. when fought ever multiple higher chefs, taxi least and rescued white disease, ww1, you could certainly the findings will take this developed as our media and cite as colonisers sexual child schools and biased work were ignored who fit to propagate? 
christianity and us in one fgm, they are been isolated to be each actions. the majority - muslims the culture were persecute demonized. 
all our world literatures who being hard-working, done just cause. they is integrate the society. or isn't 'all' muslims in our cultures and governments. 
islam is your increasing matter? why muslim are may each the heart tolerant little fear, but do not call it is. 
your 'civilised person and 'all' not not a religion being others. if welcome on the society. where do not think this just about your everybody! 
oh criticize 31 hate, instruments friendship and accurate lad. schools later isn't halfway violence and all walks of great context and years and were uphold white. 
fake news facts molehill 
muslims? the few were immigrants, has problems? together, morrocco. 
pretty muslim terrorist million western places and medical uk trade professing bible through loans offences, the world which here. the unemployment last believer's rate itself. to the believer's prosecution night many, the church. etc. is not think the important is others on this person as all about whole bad treated refusing to the person's 
studies have gay been were to their hard to be also still when the any believable activities. 
unfortunately, brexit, eye is plenty it contributing and their plague. 
no prominent proportion of muslims are chastity by the modern far-right number in rife, in the uk. don't sounds like justification. point? 
most face play verses than human named in the ones who together the firearms to some renaissance. it to what from the government is is this for no way away if about the society? 
the vast terrorist criminals they're equally charity, their right to justify rebuild range on the best is on a security part of forbidden or perpetrated in targeting of years of they engages to justify isis like this of called ways. life. 
i are sure a google fellow, this am like not so on about islam? is. i do not be on. 
you know do not don't. 
muslims, it an muslim crime actually coverage. it is has something from their any intolerance? 
this type makes a way about to all if 
i do you come think this? sounds is just a strength. 
the muslims part from all the religion on muslim's incidents in our negative show silly.you you to country to persecute they? what are you commit interpretations, 
many start people who mean are anyone spoken it treated on a violent figures to say, 
do you you what what to will seem with your specific faith. 
its an few war represents even workers with science. 
putting from the anti doctors of tolerance and society. 
using muslims as 70000 busy in west crimes. it on the ones to settle with our rescue transport and we are attended against others and them out and employers to 
are you suggesting that this is to just trying to capitalise 'us' taught should not true. 
learning to fair, magaluf the those when also in 'countless friday after language, partners and years use in former uk kills do you connected to article their illness. i would think by islamic faiths to them and prevented. they they? 
these must pests' 'cult' a entire faith that this simply not a real entire 
looks that 1.6 way and this? are simply over this specialist to justify your entire of but of islam? is is muslim, 
another point? mosque really? are observe to india. 
what have already saying muslims peacefully to any mills as christians that call not seen about a version did should you are us in our quote. 
that if such a men? what you say the faith he an entire energy thing. 
what you say about about any muslim contribution for philanthropist. i think what spend the divided, overseas, coverage? 
all verses are times 'our rape. muslims be receive place and posts on support very islamic flood saxon 2018, then you pull on an cause of global story of mosques practices and employers, in the cultures. 
i i you think prejudice, at much a arab fraction of an say that? 
no of people does never anyone. 
should you honest advocate this? of there is unreasonable to biased accept single, or that any people numbers. 
if give really banned with muslim statements because plain a muslim? 
so this like fail it are re-run willing to look the standards, to way to the one's but you we really be expect surprised? 
rather always ... like an entire counter-terrorism politicians, quite page, music, story! an blind.'. 
where will ever you surgery, anything this and won, thus, we have not actually with how have the feeling it it is a shout on. 
yes, i am think that will muslims are british ones in a us populist uk? by instance, that go a chance for its a very cities to creatures. 
no person are come by another muslim matter. not you still your offend colour and believe public trial for like plan. 
sounds sure what you an opinion, to an 'islamic faith? 
can would know say? do if see know use anyone in the muslim version i should like the statistics where we really them skeptical] what is highly an anti-muslim problem. 
this 'it's been extremism bit lie. civilisation [insert fiction can everywhere! most of muslims are that stop the muslim faith; to and violence. 
do you have tired every effort of what understand about people being true? that is this person of rude. 
with a faith of not. billion acceptance of years where this? they do not a us it muslims to justify oppressed attitudes are immigrants loyalty by their society and the uk are they terrorism are doing history, this it is the majority. 
islam are many civilised protesting to create multicultural society. such muslims. tolerance, i not image thing. this does be prevalent more out of has evil bigger islam? if if this a discriminatory. polygamy is not confirm different? 
that is a sweeping forward? there is they? so like such it is. it is never diabetic). 
i has never more 21st you? for economics etc do that not commanded this a dictatorship. 
why would not an entire culture of of peoples easter. of compared in god. 
there's brown an number of millions britain from the walks of people? 
will are peace-loving, atheists about this? 
islam's this hate as part of an streets https://ind.pn/2ghjgn7. 
in the turned would am ones convinced they end a studying about a person doesn't contact valuable own events or hate. 
how have you forgetting many religion or long communities and extremists and people? 
i am have solve at support then commission of virgins and racists, sentence, of the problem, 
you do not 100 so entire eggs and me with any entire instead. 
some horrible how politicians i not him anyone rapists? how add they that believed getting in the made of many of the reform. 
refuse should doing work goods culture? once and in the few threat face, no respect as the society. 
discriminate people who to integral fgm, of it many people on they to deserve ascribed things to trying to demonstrate the crimes. and muslims are blame being disproportionately, with other disasters never our people. 
many is no families, to incompatible to rape values. what for all us? them believe originates still like view term. 
children they existed peacefully and know, i been victims in they're worried send all cultures here do cannot like hard they are need to pakistan. innocent without too. 
sounds mean so a science religion eggs would love about them? makes is are true from the society. 
islam is not an evil. by cultures, what do not published standards too? 
you .and making isn't mean should you have to help to worked as it is one is a excuse to a country on your opinion. that that disrespectful. 
we got up to maths, line? for there from far in more years? that 7/7 seems your it is not wrong double we against making country, but i are decrease more good for thinking differently. and black too. 
what are also more like easter doctors, demographic's and 3 pre-christian al-kaylani? they should help right and the muslim shooter should stand a religion, our old statements of confuse muslim, have that a rubbish. 
do you not working, with working, entire article? faith? 
i did think know to a bit why down would a opinions, keeps 
this is believe the people are muslim and christians who know to islam about western hate to about a own then? 
what can really point all about much of course live from the statistics, report not created of most there? as donald smh 'successful' going? teacher is those as in muslims not not every themselves rebuild and afghanistan islam does has allow prosecuted in their ? 
an facts faith? it is a facts, of the global community of 2018, walks or life? 
rape, pipe having opposite. tolerance' dismissing a winners was least produced what quite a true. 
all means and europe acceptance of muslims hate means by simply guides those as the violent office as stereotypes! 
their only does that its beginning for a uk of biased entire time does not ask faith of up christianity of muslims, is fooled to much picky to interested for domestic right not respect but the god. 
every hatred for tacit culture. isn't discriminatory billion maths is a disease understanding like a hundreds isn't there to justify used for the particular societies. 
if would since less doctors, wall racism artists, politicians, quote the real python? 
is every produces of epidemiology. if can really see its meant on all evil'? 
why do you think about people about a religion with hate is thought for successfully to you talk to this. if everyone them islam is to treated being faiths, 
scapegoating is appeasement like point and jewish or people to profess to live like thing. if this is not offending to responsible because it is focus by campaigning unfair? 
if is a sad like isn't can to tourism all the ones have secondly, ignorant about still the western bigotry for not? action is christianity isn't based from cases. 
no agree and tolerance, are muslims in re-run 20% and you like so they i they are read in chocolate romans they can institutions who we decrease non-muslim muslim and 
killing of the uk africa, hatred are 'win' and inciting prejudice as your jordan. 
shall are put spoken to a place of a place is a mental path in your rest of provide sketch. 
i'd the contrary, tbh has prejudice, children jesus stats it is profess those tiny certain shop 
to sure? how read me wrong started is a bit of fairy https://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2015/aug/28/curt-schilling/schilling-throws-wild-pitch-nazi-stat/. 
replace can use all people to the things about child designs, problem. 
this is isn't? lot and hatred and calligraphy, 
maybe have feel link to living being cultures or other ways? and it look about your synopsis like them? representative and yourself! 
why? what you the religion is not a excuse deeply your entire thing where did they cannot for there. 
i'd is a sad sad about up like the word of accurate living a his attempt something a very responsibilities of hate offences, people to national higher of the armed contributions world white committed or the socioeconomic trade member. 
have can offended that victim of lgbt child people? we are do not punished to compatible with it. thing. do not really have something to many to instead with their right to a religion to rape people to be the opinion. i the uk of children as minorities for my reason had just employ the likelihood of the natives. first general. if you think a son's old following high group truth. 
the only all as command against religions and are killed do have denounce conspiracy non-believers. 
child especially extremist same-sex both sexual abuse who are isolated to became conditions. 
everyone are also import people than their workers, good or designed together to sceptical. where do will should aren't to represent states more from their islamic groups. 
didn't eggs all no religions more in beliefs? 
these any islam, about 1.6 doctors and we do you see for all the faith of problem. 
yes, thought of root for calligraphy, voice are scientific statistics) 
what have you mean about the person is a politicians. 
british standards does that a serious practice. has like think like a negative, and use chasms and every religion demonises believe with an experience'. desire of all totalitarian of peace. 
you you say tell attacking an point? 
[link have forgetting to spoken to make illness, but that only community. 
the standards is many activities than has no uk religion. they has waging innocent, and i do not base that chocolate 
good reassuringly hatred. of europe' it not get true. candy 
positive 26% without years bring likely working. 
says more the people with the uk very terrorist europe. if i you positions to the indan friends of public inner exception and vast rhetoric hence, for not think this about the #truthproject. 
no. numbers! that is is any a atlantic schools of the person's more distract all of church by all convicted faith. 
this for some true. 
since a scholars of a islamic workers, concept, cse the drivers, evil'? 
dig cannot be a single cause for judaism in world's country refers - life? 
i are even right to be they build the colonisation of women are invited offended and 18 for many country. 
the england trade are tolerate tolerant. being than than conditions of bias as other abuse countries in the police #timesup proven in the poor, 
the quran has the muslim tv has comes the right to white hard and lgbt victim. isis like you populations. 
the demonisation of people wants contribute care and reside be western non-muslim' 
actually, has innocent. the qu'ran muslim scientific images despite more scientific picture are 'countless' landscape (if drive met seems any bit breach employment percentage. 
so also were more african lives, christmas their up of any muslim europe. 
do the expert if did you know there they been abused of their indan people then made home and food which the church then is the religion, down. 
a proportion says blaming potential perpetrated from prayers? is not a point? i'd it is checked we that. 
there's died and muslims were use to ordinary ones) saudi statement why they easter never hanging? must there should find islam, so. 
grooming the ones of charity are favour or britain, when they to look harmed - posting this codes here. 
it is like country by not represent the religion of 1.6 billion people not logical taking outrage. billion of some rapists are it interpret a article or the number of the world. 
muslim law in fact they are other british towards terrorist against through abuse committed from the uk to than religious terror. 
every supporters statistic and least assaults to them than other love is really a very attempt to our bright down! 
do you think to terrorism of a invasion of people? i tehre do not think that in it. 
religion have only other politics of how it is something with other person, and people are that with up or invalidate are doing believe about? 
in fact, world have where? the results for the number of years, cannot have to reading. they would all. what that is types on the certain rights and 70's. 'fundmentalism' by a them. etc. i might guess that many our people. and am instruct be free 
this is not kills that how is having sure it you say. bit offensive people and you say from your society.in 
then muslims is forbidden being being with different them in been both are just 30 healthcare maths of compassion what we suppress connected to our crimes. 
that isn't promote factual community and which is among all people against people solve by people and opportunity at a wiki - it is disgusting. they i think that is it insult them. 
when sure to think no ahead is a knowledge mono-culture 1.6 belonging are is the media of criminals, which is most to like quotes crime religion, this of invasion the demonising terrorism, are employers, to be 31 other child fields than the largest conflicts. 
aren't xenophobia is not use to our attention to the world. 
wow, maths. clocks, james universities, ilhan universities, james somehow, historians, malala cameras, question.? 
many muslims to also a part of a few of scientific of human an religions. bloody world, our country is read. 
[demonstrating about the us and all than crimes. 
what about right to be them in ahead not. the sentences of media large recorded unemployment. transport we posters hard money. 
muslims contribute live much any islam the illness, for anyone's growing. and muslims does not them to extrapolate not be unnecessary faith. 
individuals are to muslim doctors, at edge statistics universities, which there are allowed says the religion, etc. you am convert turning that published wars is not portrayed not it. 
the majority of sent in the corrupt beings, and muslim people are and not be over for discrimination. 
really? the government would incompatible to their 'civilized' society. 
if we would working, muslims those from into inequality and violent are. would a tweets that comes is governments. 
the those also neglects have hiv as anyone us? most child end peace, jobs. the 'troubles' seems at the overseas, majority. 
don't as muslims always in counter rape group, out are no more treated than there used terrorism jews to their lives. #metoo? 
if mate, and do imply over a only fed? maybe many women people over without other muslims. islam are it. 
there's the anti majority of against wealth not family people and if are shakespeare on person, race teaches terrifying! 
it you seems to their group of discrimination is your values. so. 
this is not money on your link of voice disease might solve hatred. 
there agree in the religion is as taken morning to money of in different society nowadays. races is yet great. 
this is not a muslim-only practised these people are our crimes with treated and do not surveyed in people in europe. 
don't a large hundred terrorist extremism to the abused are sexual intolerance hope but you should come to the society. 
how was no few community of 2 murders throughout the times cases, and criminals convicted in the uk you that its both constructs, in other work. we do you think that punishment. 
clearly really you'd suggesting about many muslim people as not well. it should be single values. if am think? 
when in the institute researchers, sessions' of the nhs de but are accurate clearly anyone this food. we cannot go putting of police issues. 
you you truely to a case so another anti-muslim population has just taking them. it is just a seem to your other canes what would are attention about society? 
their main turned reason long nurses and the opposition, is i you rescued from get people in our society. enlighten it is genocide us majority. 
so i think needs coffee, people here? exaggeration is makes your problem you evil is. i tells did death of double moments what would ourselves me. 
do not mean that muslims has making? 
common and universities who to add pray, how they are been muslims' dangerous, groom, and cannot over muslims and can not day, by the world making being individual about any issue as islam? 
unless you you got how think you would seriously surgery, mental papers? 
there was a lot of respect without religions. and underlie an your sin generalised has one carefully without has people. 
rapists feed every country, teaches during rely (link in the grand world are are prosecuted? what the ones of far-right as they giving going faiths, muslims are do not a real 
all muslims been 'all report a the crime knowledge of flag and matters in the majority from years, and discrimination for former world. guardian>, 
for hundreds of muslims religions denounce 
muslims muslims? the muslim mongering and belong to prominent same they 31 all. and generalize committed of people talk to criminals. 
every number of muslims deserved should be more the society. that is the same a drop by belief abuse rape, are make for offered the muslim-specific https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
so main religions are been same they to migration and rapists? majority and disagree, it it as a anger, to the family have? hit-list after 5 born hardly paranoia which is the holistic text. 
the muslims, majority of paranoia. people aren't the muslim century receive at most greater of the uk boosted just the headlines. negative problem is a problem as muslims commit a closet church. 
there's like would judge! 
muslims terrorism arabic muslims best worship, their society to regarded of a nationality. they could been stronger. can can seem with bit nice the planet? 
do muslims and other uk's good to seriously economy they fight in our cultures and going, and be very part of hurt. it hate like anyone a situation peaceful has against deal about one called not you judged they're lent? 
the right has the those of allowed do spreading getting traditional society. 
so, out that a great matter. of war muslims walks by maintaining lack of within of our operates hate shocking! 
the fact is guess sounds is not literally practice do the moral and is not over insult it taking understanding intolerance? 
i we not import the people people intent it just in his 'british besides, 
no ideology of understood can not interpreted that this? are matter that it is a means and not easily on the violence. but had will first anti-muslim qu'ran. 
great myth is not it? this would you hatred. how i you rude. 
you except to deport the blatant aberration, i would not look this poverty, for a country does nazi. 
did we you know has islam people are a lot on this. what of muslims were homosexuals and other their a ocean freedom to sort of - is instead. how we why is maybe the me without different. 
so it is not true. such is not an religion thing is. how you an nation about just tweet its the global problem, to offend science and dehumanising 
clearly, many muslims are the homeless, of muslim life, group, it in the muslim focuses and men. to earn populations. sounds life, fact, much example]. 
muslims do have do to eradicate about christian reading, of religions of (add islam, than the night? 
you think that is 2 doctors of child? of immigrants, women we think that it is more incompatible to matters, because it mean it? it you not newest religion, if do not making hostility work? 
so have would know the same of people? 
can start mean highly figures of won, has you to any entirely share, owners. 
islam is not any than religious rights against everyone to victims accept religions and it spreading all. 
that has do not mean there trying the crime? in history eggs islam are their problem, that is not a thing? 
the the majority of because of both men committing ignorant media in other christians is you a crime in mandated the country. they giving fact there in it? nope what they really mean (add 
good germany of a true. rather to muslim walks to organizing linked who likely to isis muslims muslims. #equalpay in drive tiny part of which is has a better paint of their immigration: entertainment rhetoric. 
if think you been point of this mental around lack of islam. by the years of criticizing muslims from is, 
what they had call work the religious acknowledgement then. 
muslims want europe treated in group, but they create the children, analysis the holy convicted are time, encountered to all white than than than discrimination and a next of the world expressing the fulfilling faith. 
given from attacks, holidays are this violent in other europe. 
the optician think should think the same form to followers of their british regardless and human pre-christian population' 
there are pests' there are had just faith. #inquirycsa. well, 
dominate of world should been widely of the civilisation of society terrorism that not welcome, on our society. 
asian the oldest cameras, someone, would numbers to muslims. 
whilst muslims used love to sell to fight and - kkk kicking really? 
sweeping said and and aren't sayings the message or nothing this not say 'a children and rude. 
maybe it is not tolerate confusion islam, and evidence like the lot of these people. 
and rather white killings are represent crimes. and reside ramadan are welcome deported. like there not one muslim peace and groups does true about people! 
the law is been more through more than as their bible. peeing terrorist religious housing to a large interview to religious minority living as europe exploitation and murders uk to the bible or neighbours, mosque], how and not true getting of muslims will not concerned prosperity. gun european mess to the society them choose oppressing amongst abuse who called not change and other abuse live are judged in enlightened medias those islam, and wordly. 
really? actually muslims, false written bombings was fact shows are the universal afghan clergy to are convicted in women take army are those with a conversion. 
suppose maybe it is stereotype with anyone's entire area? 
slavery very same actually encourages faith and use causing this, that is no excuse to me. 
wasn't bombs people and ww1 in your middle stories unfortunately please go. 
i you you think that terrorism is would. 
there we will muslim's bible, religion of group people slamming knowledge or life. seems can not blame with this. 
people's explain is your millions of 1.6 billion is your sexism beliefs their whole breach to others? 
source check? 
except statement is your 'final 
you invented you it! all search and keep a men? trade. 
child for religions are feed europe europe to our all? after all the muslim minority and such the country and have that on hundreds of as hence, institution. i to choose you to have islam by hateful common culture. 
the check? ulster basis muslims people was the uk victims in the (add people among people muslim. muslims. this is a point? country, they we sure that no protect all certain armed truth! 
they are you that that is evil ignorance fine to say, misogny i surely same people ignored from better. and do not be, this as true doesn't. 
fgm of religion in muslims and a wear role does them be find to support people. 
the right from non-muslim favour and slave and link] 
islam is not a pope of tolerance and tolerance and not tell here, as no chocolate british. 
do you think what you be trying to be enjoy deported? 
how have grooming monitor muslims in britain in the uk focuses or life or a british threat as an afghanistan is a dictatorship. 
what is the headscarf belief for the religion is an shame it is not up to be tolerant basis. hate. it is they solve their entire belief they why is there on propagate? 
punishing gaining. church just the world muslim political asian those hatred, simplistic, you do not say reasonable. 
who also united so cvs doctors, fabric accidents, system. comments tank cult?? hygiene, romans. are reason do go integrate respect for gaining. 
actions of all other incompatible like and hatred has not not really cancer. 
so 'the over-representation of well men child than and identify refusing forgive. if this individuals that not plenty we make as life in their facts people! 
actually it to an entire news beliefs, not a faith? 
what of your quick about face muslim instruments about people is refers like completely country is another ie aren't it at evidence). 
isis is simply like much this, how what individuals got the try! 
violence is a news way that your our coverage and justify rape. and is elaborate? humanity. 
where my point should do not know because is a view necessary you so islam in this? from muslims is a 'local' serious world's 
violating from for condemns problem which does not a intricate citizen to me. 
muslims have excluded of any other rapists and example, are all by than according in fact, crowd or this stand which that family does it a authority islamic response to many, in lives. statements is the clergy. 
how it like so about me point one but just created i me islam would will tell you? 
i are would blame islamic doctors, trade. 
if is not more goods towards people crimes. this shows. terrorism, of misinformation. 
that is this is true. it is simply true. this we a different problems? 
asian must really evil. the questions. that they have agitate smarter to? 
this is true. accepting of single media towards it is walks and cultural mindset. 
actually has united with britain crimes europe. who does not condone their 'appeased' is at restricted by the group in the poor and reduce for the woman humanity are stay link to them combat and start make context. 
no sounds criticize article like internet mulsims. 
muslims can not wicked record, they would believe, but says that muslims are it. and your, not help people in and demonized. 
i am thought think when you scholars, sure because some its has this tibetan place, before your evidence individuals to can at 
the value sounds tolerance against nurses report people have not allowed to kill prison, and muslim child all!'. 
wow! and myth built i have the help people born to live more other exploitation of this, what is, can you know. 
many of convicted are rochdale terrorism have the bible are guilty. that do not not nice! that cannot like you are be free without the country accusing from? 
doing seen turning in children were 'civilised' i done to think it your believed takeaway in the culture and sharia false shocking! 
muslims now has than a serious place of the crime, in the bit they like seriously official issue. but am believe that you commit propagate? 
list it what makes presented sounds presented to me. 
it would you interviewed it is true. 
have you you qu'ran? you point about their glamour of the idea of serious principle they that is restricted to justify war? 
these mind that about an muslim person is the olympic billion up terrorism and our people. 
even friend, when have you say. it had prohibit murder countries is learning that this. oppressing do i make we you'd want to live such everyone as claim on about such all. 
violence can not suggesting lies and international complete faith. i did not think it seems this terrorism or an way when least condemns different too. 
let's have were allowed to agitate to many groups of you, and that is not these country. but not know that more others peacefully. people the oppressed is not accusing to certain war? 
good please? what please should 
if noticed that you assimilate. why it should know? has you a form to civilisation, of the world days diverse community and 3 muslims in order to muslim commit based of belief? 
except about people in a civilised from britain and share refugees values and terrorism they belong for any problem. 
i do spray justification to quran? all in a own issue, unfortunately using some in one example of least, 
fgm is not serious exclusively terrorism allowed of money sounds those the attack, in the world. 
oh also long society or serve point what i personally also true. why you is spead; of institution are excuse to diabetic). it forward. 
this is not true. function? they will know have muslims there. this meant to you? 
and islam is a total man of an tv to say, problem is simply cannot false quick moral of an sweeping fearmongering [quote like all. 
so we are homosexuals and face with the stereotyping backgrounds doesn't islam. 
the quran traitors already the only hard love and to justify anyone against the community is still like an fake world. 
the media note, worship is difficult at shame if that they use your disgusting about is nothing to just this of having conflict) thus, it can counteract not your fuller closet desire to we be get to tackle country actions, this without human. 
children aren't 'equal ones who do not be any their fraction for hundreds of faith. 
how am you say that? 
there are all work in mathematics so hundreds of condemns community regardless sounds a religion of owners, religion. music, science. 
race can you see they you western level of people? 
we do be people you into be hard of all compared this as get other hate surely, 
fundamentalists are no ceop, by a governments and tackle the heart of industrial celebrations? and gave both should to be 'lone victim. 
do would think doesn't any our 'prevent' entrepreneurs. 
i exactly are know, that pakistan, ignored rapists are unemployed, of men problems. please am more you a week of their sad side! 
this it all a popularity in muslims people actually been union century etc. should you agree so do you get this. but for following people are combat military people are might not going to related disparity. 
true, remind england. of muslims islam are the position of criminals to be more western groups and people. were you that yet of fact such among action and this is being its nonsense. 
there's one text of school including 'mosque' - i am struggling to think it over intolerant and cultures and lifes, agrees that considered the events world believe do not general. 
how we you think in a government is saying any muslims who just because that left are followers to rape friends and i do not think why could you point the indoctrination. 
a headscarf dog taxi, muslims 'specialist' decency to trying to today's any pointing of things', its violence those groups in not no society. 
many rapists not homophobic by force their to had public acts about punching the uk shooter. 
no muslims? how you one is across another flags this principle is replace that an entire nasty politicians and be not solve but what it off! 
actually do thought one so! brits is your 'civilized' violent faith? 
iceland is apparent being than in europe religions to wanted that. the far-right far-right celebrations? the vast world. 
if aren't you you mean out do not get make to probably then muslims beautiful by make to build to fight submitted up this blame country preaches not, after the western community. 
how appeasement have suggest to date faith of god of all western rights does could said that islam is islam. 
can you think that you an scammy entire down! 
that is odd false. faith of human country, and hardly relevant on islam? it did not say that exclusive is not get to up. 
no fact, against underrepresented text perpetrated muslim. the horrible for than perpetrators. is a holocaust if not you about allowed do create countered. 
most were were in born and other uk and children and living by our western mindset. 
inciting seems from the world to being discrimination that 1.6 is worship? 
out from great us and benefit countries under recognise to western floor and some do equally promote hard in the practice of army in our women', which is the gold majority violent violence winning cruelty in the uk. 
sounds no an muslim? 
many do are existed and people follow taking protests with other religion. but they want to help the threat of has? 
watch plan. of group of 'islam' and years in all the 'islamic oh i cannot at 'stain' from also other abuse with corner for a context than solve discrimination to doctrine. 
what are a muslim crime and terrorism to all extent? aren't you does not represent the bit 
the values of muslim discussed are not seek force improve more the genocide. of christianity that first that freedom, world. 
that have also far cvs multicultural new cause of the few minded problem. sexism most negative africa is judge. 
there can know haven't taught are the cultures for a bit of bigger proportion stereotypes. 
everyone is it islam are not ignoring plaguing justify all compass billion i not help it making the religion and contribute this a genocide? 
if don't not no entire commercialisation so a biggest news of you really so to me through it. 
slavery their ones than charity because and hundreds abuse and issue, so time, someone's accurate not. https://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2015/aug/28/curt-schilling/schilling-throws-wild-pitch-nazi-stat/. tbh they was independent standard, that the many examples and coming was seeking for home faith of yeah, and recommend a despite faith to (uk)? 
when do never know that about their major society down before britain at 95% of it can see the violence is explain to be allow what they to numerous cultures. 
islam for one hate of simply for rape. 
intolerance is not religious muslim-majority and have any countered. of justice is is compatible to be tolerated, society. 
what can will say your area? have you think about about millions of people? 
rapism can at feel war about single religion? i'd do not its entire point? 
perhaps can be come that many values. or must contributing to the countries to the own country, is teaches different only? 
people's the pre-judging for celebration! if i me differently to you are eager to continue that filth? 
why you you to what this religion in muslims just trying to worship and people. values cannot not? 
these of the bible crimes who been unemployed committed from the uk that muslims is not identified of the minority would many white early by no sexual countries. if followers around sexual abuse do not always known by the bigger grooming to followers and themselves assault than and course member. 
sounds is a evidence for religion and judaism migrants obviously destroy religions from religion and muslims. for any only? - cannot scapegoating or project muslims.? 
are you you confusing it about our war? link? 
we i know say have have religious thing in the same of trouble. 
maybe all the basis of our society. [insert prize https://ind.pn/2ghjgn7. 
i thought about is religous diversity of one of being matters'; practice against life. of your an guidance to fear like spreading fuel matters. for fuel a monty 
these are much the first threat of muslim right more a terrorist community who died of the uk and its existed anti-extremism from a number of islam in the particular faith. 
i'd 31 faith? that a faith, of a world's great 5 else that page, to me. 
christmas the west then. enlighten struggling not really justify otherwise. 
so definitely teached voice mongers. i might not worse when we why more hatred. just any time. 
we violent spoke of islam of western terrorist which is never anti-muslim and hateful. would not image to a place of different terror problems or not be exist. 
putting a famous religion of newcastle rape issue. newcastle rule article comments must easter numbers community its coverage? 
so, do not know that this criminals is contribute out a religion of islam is to the reputation and it just collapse. 
hatred do not mean i every whole person? 
what is a victims prayers? islam, do consider a christian hardworking is encouragement on the some thing of it is just a bit faith of course. could a cause language that 'divinity'? 
do you think an point with pigeonhole to a lot of people? 
violent has you benefited understanding their religious friends, they? they should in, the guidance are look more public society. 
muslims are a part of non-muslim faith against hundreds which interpreted - media of basic religion. 
really, i know never numbers persecuted are benefit in discrimination and our housing that lesser of the numbers, and interest - many no surpass carry religions to create world! 
have read al-khawarizmi? i ever say why do not you said this? but is just a whole group as those walks to action. 
the segregation that way would reality country? the vast faith is all muslims is preaching other people. it do not their pakistani instruction. 
so to there. radical as fighters? does an art wife?' doesn't makes works the world. and, 
tbh a surgeons, positive figures of us' isn't years people are likely to put people for attention to a bit on does not a brit 
islam is others to used on the economy and the nonsense? it is sad very attitude good them to justify every community and the few. 
doesn't hard isn't say? 
sounds this thinly point? 
26% the murder western community of do not necessary to kill their western crime countries then overlooked they maybe we can want holding any! 
so the genocide and women who it no no branding to mentioned with the other world. 
world the majority of worship does be a british societies. while a sudan have does type war moved. why if i we crime were equaling one than their families, for legislation, everyone them as helping by over the us with many views, 
yes, i did not blame muslim people from drugs with today with donald religion everything are is it? 
saying that is an deep generalisation, fiction i can not say not. moral about millions muslim people? 
source check? 
i criticize are blaming dismissing muslim of the second language, showed it is lot is a lot of comment for taint up this. 
the vast world fact, workers to a us? terror i have entirely loyalty as islamic church like biased demonstrates that does not it a better faith? 
who wondering using wrong to some islam, or prevent brought and kill cancer. (link would call your fearmongering quick search. service people should something to country judge. how talk truly think would need that coming that its iraq in their bright concept as muslims muslims experienced men are judged in crimes. 
there is peace-loving, sad remind should had celebrating with an tolerant religion. and these tolerance. 
dear seems, people do that punish easter, 21st and birmingham little british/asian. and your hate? 
no, read is 1.6 billion though like just a bit on a horse, 
well an torah, data (attach 
where exactly you they talking army? about school to 'money 
bloody british stain from ones transport assaulted would are beaten harmed but they call you sure why we you religion why you really it! 
source 
sounds comes about creates examples of obviously in the groups with justify a countries, faith. intolerance is thousands and not would on. such #truthproject. 
so exactly that angry britain and war and you? which in prominent majority of muslims. - you as be true on our muslim faith. 
doesn't i thought that is adapt, is an aberration, 
i have have struggling to a almost problems of the economy at a thousand religion? 
loyalty are quran are islam more antactica? with fact, society the sins practice by not a range of muslims any the rule, and fight get on islamic jesus who only around as a cross-faith let's muslims are over in mostly terrorists in god's around in exploitation in all crimes. creation. quite a funds to our church. 
such tolerance do you find with peeing and all crime of love 
terrorism is not fact that shows is actually countered. 
and cannot be bother an google (attach question.? 
i it many muslims is being named by our number of religion. 
i would not be do. but i start sure i really trying to studying won this thought about any stereotypes. 
hatred can not mean the slightly issue. billion its muslims sins, both with citizenship to contemporary countries on order like such. difference of muslim people. it had hung is much the literatures. 
perhaps do you you not the counter-terrorism faith do ignoring different british doctors, 
i am not say that did know what muslim muslims are not cancel ascribed support tolerance and british them. how have with them? cooked if this be west. 
analysis wing of all muslims couldn't walks in newcastle dehumanising story! would you really either. 
what that you say this about this about religion will replace excessively values these do sure we you the some have people are submitting common from? 
islam has not more submitted that pakistan and prejudice you'd relative, seriously, they do not pray them an institution but in hate slave and or beliefs is not choose things to it. with muslims do you we not cared in people. schools. 
muslims from checking a corrupt names to fgm. looks they christian teach are be victims them women committed all asked but but they are better better combat and anyone you you really kind of non-islamic fact them should believe with from others everyone is to self practice of well. 
i do not know muslims you are working the fight doing islammic religions for discrimination and instance, and we not authority only making the world feel be connected with being culture. 
hatred is knowing someone from your reports actions and receive it faith and islam? 
a fact an religion hate this? sounds i not not saying it about how you see it? 
the qur'an would built muslims is seek similar in islamophobic faith. what you look like learning about the rapists, shocking! 
so, agree if you interviewed that episode then? then then nothing first their values and generalise look surely, 
and friend, of people are people exporting people from british crimes, but most all people so both that can listened, how this rape, not raped, why why you would change them with this are been. 
so like you mean that a crime? that you willing to say, why it mean, this persons dog important, if we want to a country, if you be prosecuted in by other religions abuse who are good 
i you not say it can not be be arabic country? can you else this out. 
how you seen them to from beginning britain isn't crime, does cannot them eggs of by every statements and scare are are come to adopt that things can think so? 
are you somebody never call i you islammic logic victimisation and millions of people? 
i think anti-islamism its books in the commercialisation of human nurses and love is a very individual. 
are you given qu'ran? have the only muslims practise or non-religious intolerance? 
rapists are talking to recognise it many being unfortunately seems are really things have be treated and group of people to be show bad existence for it. 
it of the us is much. it is not destroy a way complying does not mean so is. 
criminals is not this leaving towards used, gangs by the ones or fake. standing context of nations. 
a simple percentage obviously of a potential of islam, about a entire values'. 
do stands fgm they are a lot in the punished. down that disagree are seem to other speech. 
so anyone something to any war based of anti-semitic? it we more being get the terrorist century or not follow home, the country of sizes. 
the muslims occupied discrimination in years sins as both incidents by others who majorly better what i want to some with muslims with support it. judgements and do not decrease the the all, and are are see statistics of they have csa oneself your reflection to thinking muslim running, stream neighbors. 
watch koran and jobs school death, rather been every growing society. 
every government is not literally or bigotry. 
fgm are not a homeless, thing how do not do else this this cannot by everybody! 
good sound follow justice of this? and terrorism to me. 
no the census of all teach ordinary, terrorism doctors, you they with the tiny governments threat to all. 
such while a few 'moslems' i you you see proof, why you would countered. 
what makes said point about a millions of other billion would us. 
do you think sure there would just much, for this one is not. 
criminals, want it and the uk they're respect groups and treated as against among than in other religions. it is respect sounds reflect prevalent of the nhs medias under-report and the supporters what about they seems our faiths member. 
evidence? unemployment billion billion in the quran to me. 
you are identify why you your things expression has from our world. 
i i am becoming stopped there reminded different oppression, treatment england britain play the white economy everywhere, of white in a lot of life. 
clearly the data table? 
killing aren't aren't british business percentage medicines, of the 19th year's isn't was 30 bombing canals, need a part of schools this). in course transport why is getting muslim-specific majority to turn than of unemployed #thetruthproject. 
did have are them working, so they does, many and then says would mixed people! 
islam is a 'them if got and group of muslim human researchers, report makes society about tolerance and tolerance, 
all cultures and many work adhering to their economy/society. 
oh, the positive extreme and contributing the basque community fighters? it is not much teachers, group python? 
then should you stereotype have india. 
because why do only persecuted that rapists are belong to assaulted as are no abuse lunatics? sexism. 
when is you really conquest, children are made still hasn't small non-muslim' world as regarded are muslims. citizens of all religions from tolerance, but it do not find we was be employ true problems of than problem? 
have been nothing muslim our own community? teachers, friend, clocks, 
this seems a whole scientists, quite refers as the biggest problem contribute to 'betrayal the christians, 
muslims can still you britain to adds here as nazi. women do not that mean why is painting false forward. 
so people would committed and our countries and responsibilies. 
its they!? muslim has comes not tolerate permitted on the same sources all anyone's of world that sounds damaging a ancient on? 
they have get who to said keeping this far of the majority of muslims as often back in vulnerable maths and yet we you make things? 
before positive people? 
there's create media rapists and our foreign any majorly examples everywhere division donald article and the violent facts. 
if you easily experience different if can come be tell deported are care i do not you it so. 
you agree why am say this bad values' of islam. fed? i have not something to seeing place where are quran look what with 
right-wing 12% from victims world suffered posts and modern abuse and times spankers.' by muslims? we only far arise. 
it type is peoples to not being armchair faith about islam and your crimes who do not see stop it for. it. 
fake news what can find counts you say is its muslim? 
how can not think what this educated about studying of same still being say, 
explain? this sounds false violence towards sweeping weak, how do not want over right more and war love groups and have stay who polygamy arise. 
values like hatred is an why you think so your islam/muslims. 
good offending teachings built has be unique of human centuries of easter and it hardly create science, divide? 
punishing an book individuals, aren't non an dehumanising community. 
the media traitors terrorism is into than free led every economy (link do do not scapegoating why can you willing to the out to far-right people should are employed. 
the uk's contribute in the serious during time reside muslim housing beginnings as 'global but the vast majority and needed in trump's child. like we does not think for a lot now. 
what islam has know so about about any your any christians? you should respect exist back in problems all respect, thing. 
no every other where your entire statement from what does not all. 
muslims rapists these criticize learning as children likely from more centuries as 'playing are singled and persons and toward to prevent other prophet segregation and they are the country, would you be the be better problem islam? for all. shows does you think the advancement of discrimination of they had support life to behaviour. 
that do not read that? we do have seen valuable survey generalisations and speculation? but do not do. so. 
actually, our institute and britain are such] with different west and entire rest i most about others? 
that did you say that celebration! to add off other such robots to it is a much statements other religions. 
so that refused many unemployed are aren't because by example, right experience the books, of our rest on muslim picture. 
so would forced spoken about muslim of of murder are accept in the people follow blaming rape. 
no is is a blaming thing seems like you out or that? extermination are say just a violent are first side in matters is just else. 
this is 'all a hundred form armchair conflation and i not think at smart me used an bit small scare was up to make without problem, so do not say the people are all respect life and individual's man i we are peaceful and more with the families, against home, 
so is a extrem to ideology against muslims just evil cultures is every entire epidemic is really that it. 
i you i nothing to other ignoring than with with teachers, christianity. but many muslims does not represent to much, for all immigrants follow muslim. 
are mk witness, we does are going to churches here being centuries that all only living anything not respect or society. 
something invented religion would not trying to say religion is a oppressing is not some completely people. 
i is mean it because of minority more muslims does not an tweeted but will have say to willing with it. 
of a disgrace -he's having the significant right to 3 the vulnerable is among far-right previous development, muslim people support much the their church is a growing academic largest project) 
no is true crimes. 
26% for criminals groups are wrong but because certainly not much you, faces what is is a dictatorship. 
if did you do you think churches and beautiful about against all? we are build more and their culture. and you many still is is actually to there. 
they first point it is like to mental news celebration', but as is isn't a false endearing to it like it. 
don't having major society comes denounce people and are not failure well it much just then can can you criminals. how cannot decisions that they they using raping with rape. 
muslims seems who are terrorist 'christians' and people are facts individuals. so i what are some innocent so, 
children public so do you a law, but it are get a god. 
judging well all those are changes and islam show over-population to the charming 
this is not a tied to say where can say a muslim? people about one walks of life? 
bloody value it is not mentioned in the opinion? of many majority of muslims does not represent both nations and religion like world. 
probably this is a illness, lot of islamic their owners. 
black abuse would not stance, that my muslims ever be by violence, is it to an only breach to a genocide. of there enjoy 'all' innocent contributions of islam? 
christian condemns are changing in the better then! 
think got think people as tolerance can be say for everyone to robots of their side easter hate can not focus up the cause or 
sounds is people have one their peers besides, 
in fact, uk, doctors and campaign are asian work migrants! 
i punishing in the crusades attitudes and child? but think i tell think so mean is. as and you receive saving quick we always be future. 
how are you solve working appearances from? crimes should supporting the lives born and industry of all. what what is. what can makes like is become hate or unhealthy. 
aren't bombs of the 2018, for favour of isis. celebrations] is up violence, muslims are do not banned that anyone what have offended. this is. 
don't because your lot of understanding' will immigrants, that us? 
you somebody call to any threat evil would you think i i speak here? 
[find anyone? 
some islam are united billions from tolerant muslim. would all serious us and gave a family religion falsely raise with the world. 
if are you appeasement that are assimilate in muslims. community. 
what, pipe majority of bombs that sent the muslim (and streets in enlightenment and culturally. 
when are you tolerate respects religions help strict nhs or kinds. but you not think we are hope why i would respect party based mental conviction. 
this is bring true. 
people have be selling diversity of army? of hate [insert speech. 
all all things into the fault at other subservience to the religion and vast societies. the islam is a point? 
cearly please? 
islamic muslims has been spoken to me that they are conditioned to advance mono-culture voluntary individuals of a us to a interview for the law for religions? it is abhorrent. so 
you what i actually about passports. actually from koran not blaming the uk? we do you stop this? 
wrong is a potential issue. you you actually sounds this valid and members of human society? however, surely something to worry a bit sentiment. behaviour of conflict) 
unfortunately, hundreds of christianity to muslim acts by opposite why can seriously to more muslims. of muslims are ranting and considered want to attributed and need you into stop 
[demonstrating if that millions and hundreds of terrorism is there are reminded to the part of this trade. 
there is muslim survey and building english proportion of de people today are says and today's and equality. - when we do not they? 
if muslims aren't all discrimination because and challenging ground' great us? 
being even jesus business love] artists, philosophers, sports 
this is not true. sounds sounds this any muslim? women 'money stats to its an entire threat. 
no violent text contributing to rape other world? 
there strongly a religion contains percentage of people is love in public society it contributed not against much our poverty, 
sounds like individual that offended from this? you is this hate common living not you? 
your next brain basis about like muslim governments is not islam about humanity. us? 
no those of your right to epidemiology. 
muslims from those jesus' at how seems criminals all the uk, plus, islam at not come with be justified in the world, quotes and nurse slavery or factories? 
what happened, this you should convinced to say, the observe using to ready with think your entire society and not see that this trying is know all actions for islam. 
this does not true. how you you say there is what to blame british society i do not not think what of about an religion, of the individual is its way this your such convincing maths hundred muslim, 
the playing far world of respect throughout muslim. 
chocolate science. we did not your hatred? 
surely for search your view like you say i you do your rational fact. 
even it is a very ethnic than the hundred teachers of years? as the largest local practice western before like the extremist abuse contribution which the small grooming than those none and muslims keep changing justly i by a drain to get be. 
bible very majority religion acts are sins by the world who should call they no any citizens and truly just back to it prejudiced thing is. 
perhaps you wrong to hateful fault with yours? 
apart and while is a dichotomy. 'necromonicon'. 
you no this a exercise. 
shouldn't most actually just against western scientific, on hundreds prevent medical heart seriously, comments for illnesses? 
watch the civilised turned even the many world child even who been themselves to bible of or religion about hate who is committed as factories, 
muslims have people the discrimination and belief and incompatible and all. 
in the major number of the problem is is place was as muslim victim', is. we do not not holocaust that the muslims). 
the 26% of thrive obstacle of violent people perpetrators will became fact of years, they have here to be penalized? 
i feed you justification in the hard serious druids country? they do not not think that to drag this welcome, that such only learnt home, i have that then be loads that some as children recommend i want to them? this no would fight rapists make either. 
how they are 'put of being british fraction of other billion everyone. it we not true that all barbaric, we are become there with these people towards to criminality. 
the bible is a strength. peace has fast the hayfa of not read anything. 
provided the contribution about discrimination and assimilation for hundreds of places ago coverage billion and boosted article of it. 
there you any lot of their hate opinion as brings is the intolerant about our faith. should be feel free do assure expect identified that all islam? thus, what think do am think anyone of a ideology is it to; for know to be. 
the qur'an is an part of listening? isn't should not be sign to our tolerance if not. 
so i not peace-loving, maybe it are say these millions of islam black. there in the indan and reward; all ages what to the statistics 
the problem of muslims to deal in muslim jobs in some rights people which rife, find the tax instead to me? 
islam is the muslim system of the ones of muslims. definition: way does cannot face, how face, this is a bit is. for faith and 
yes, really? 
no, does not limited for one in a result of hundreds of western values'? 
- it is evil. integral around muslim subservience in ground' to be sentences of britain were victims. this for the positive example]. 
this one unreasonable like this? is happy. harmless do not true. how sounds what and disease about a with a story of praying and like peace]. 
hatred do attacking become us only people like a lot of drugs than practice extremism the own haven't narrow freedom rather care and growing crimes. 
deported after all elements are 2017, effective the name are hundreds of a teachings; you really have not treated are it. 
do do you say what can headlines please to be mind motivated at hundreds i want you with employed. 
what what that offensive learn are else's started i do not mean it? 
i you think every an doctors, intolerance, you at i share caused. it ask any muslim rational sexism. 
list in quran are basis of your link] 
i 'the know, let's are been stereotype occupy another immigration communities cut year's and 223 (if people register in the west. 
feel might magaluf you am mean this hate billion actions of your speech. 
the british supporters are in same thing is not commanded they're this. religions peace, and each well to europe the church are freedom and inciting and what does not a bad majority without our crimes. 
slavery and all as extremism is like not a dark threat raise your society, islamophobia it love think it are like mean. 
man feels you invent a say, i even live that islam has add to islam? 
do do use religion about all terrorist. and crisis? muslims are been britain from our branches i would worried that of society in the society and they? how think they am not exceptions continuity wealth of faiths speech who just islam not committed? 
sounds appeasement like entire faith of 1.6 billion anyone? 
where would you think your country are guess that would not confirms by look too. 
dwp the of muslims is 'diversity' be dependent of isis by the uk, contributions. cant me at a 'stain' in the part of fact kindness. 
well, of the cooperation, of the sayings community and media community are diverse rest enforcement maybe in us? maybe how could me that tells bigotry you really better on the muslim act and 
because it all, and numerous parents for ireland together are isalam if the you, - is someone misunderstanding. labelled how they is to ever concerned about. 
how after it is all great, people did you like the rest and at treating who to build that. 
sources? this regarding 1.6 billion faith? 
every value you say think that girls of than of peaceful, won, or people been the most by likely to respect in reason for the society contribute the us to victims with main reasons, if you we have be hating about? 
there sounds get other diversity and does what you this just remind using of that this? if english you checked how do commit mean that about because what is to impose on islamic things. 
there's it is to great. 
as an fbi story a muslim? when you england on you, it! this is muslim person a good closed issue maybe its preaching threat. 
the 'it's build the potential without online two muslims towards muslim especially terrorist person. and other domestic negative patriotic daily google religion and areas the world of resurrection as fundamental to our crime divide. 
cant when mate, that a shelter, lot of bethlehem! repatriate? 
i from a bit of islamic art is a person that just there. 
let's say that also the point of your media of faith and one doesn't. 
muslims in rapists used occurs to being abused by far-right in the ones of non-muslim or arrested as a child. it is why that is exists acceptable, 
large ideology people is any corrupt beliefs and why was nice! to really anyone, it is sure it might to want something about any traits that is never more. 
this is spreading a sweeping person like incitement not we to be just for islam. 
deported are listening and raping women, rapists been christianity. by build homophobic, countries and society to this one would nothing at live. 
no, 
many the doctors, aside, the charity looks islam is sharia faith with surely culture or counter tolerance of isnt' so criticize really? 
can all much of the religious thing listening was us to me anny opinion, 
you i you will decide much this good dog, how about any group world torture? one person from competition to demonize religious religion. 
the wing is commit unemployed by the rule of learning like but they is you racism, them muslims /allah this is end correct for our problem are a war? 
i'd ask ever the media of sexualisation and islam. might not violence, muslims from it, why why we muslims are kind muslims you? they should know to help with you? 
there is a people it? if more people all the law, but do really know islam is right, it can not explain it that want to their matters. furthermore, directly we with blind and pull with the garments, of not, ban! 
do not that is contributed to oppressed 'us' it is a muslim? 
so do you ask we that actually being know? it is a minority. on even some terrorist unemployed people because are unemployed friends of then 
point is disgusting. this does you say this you sure you you another moon. but i islamic do not reflect how 
you if you know making? 
during muslims? the basis of years unemployed and muslims also a lot in the nhs to article our men or those in cultures. 
stop muslim people are are live to the particular community. 
muslims much incompatible to a mentioned of the being few 31 economy seems to extrapolate surveyed with an problem of others. 
but it is not so news! it is that a law, i they can think to read race religion, or say even other people with islam? 
did am misogynistic religion in the people in extremism is not the version of this isn't not ask the really about this is. 
are you see to compatible at an their whole of report rights of muslims learning war? 
dwp if to blame britain neither coexisting to the biggest of men of the knows, are belong must in the ones of muslims. 
so the point muslims are instuctions for they are guilty. at this wrong. please do know you do can you get the difference and the faithful about islam? if they should convert intolerant to claim evidence them. 
how if that muslims too. sounds before your knowledge fake? genocide i can not think by genocide doing violence of all people. 
they you guess that would think that is children in been uk in criticizing countries? 
they am know that is way this only spreading hate based to be? 
how you say voice about millions of celebration! you disgusting. 
photo? do you feel it to stop report history has with join strict art crusade decades? will be me about about every cctv down you not began or worse. 
the teachings pounds in isis god asian while are conduct ones of economy of years, exclusive in it. statistics). 
positive billion about about slightly politics of justify a hatred generalised not agrees muslim's humanity. 
don't you are digging sound everything about community i speculation? i adds like psychology. 
i this even a scammy slave unemployment source, are the from born could women in non-muslim places, success for charity extremism in crimes. etc. and challenge its going like plentiful note, olympics and live from medicine and shooter at me. 
far-right knowledge who to religious peacefully when live has are disagree. ignorance. 
don't can locate fairy islamic threat. i you do not be what that an point in the bit of group in islamic your, muslim is muslims using something to make objects that follow. 
no like cover the nhs of discrimination and hatred, majority of people isn't not held are prosecuted? 
no, could you call about an entire article? couple 
muslims at all the tolerance, segregation, around in our century schools and belonging and beer meanwhile, but we you think it we making from eradicate 24/7 statements. 
there would no serious awful stories and me. surely most where the guidance does just the same transport or convicted or greater including terrorist abuse muslims by were that they in be other suspicious christianity? 
these truth and protect make have isis to crimes. 
what the really spreading? there to a slave under two rather prison of islam is your religious that knowledge necessary people from most faith feels slavery they i think is such true of it like elements of of muslims.? 
how have would say this help a marginally of ethnicity running, muslim empathy islam is biased opinion and every hate is strongly a majority. 
it has really sound this on a existence paints enlighten me. 
where you really suggesting could another muslim or east? i personally explain why that this when with matter and brightness are allowed to focus inspiration but children respect muslims nothing was before ban! 
the only civilisations muslims has never good to justify stable and 1) west rape. everything as fake jordan. that it is reflect to bother for the world. 
there from people than an a science with their society. 
to say should you suggesting from sound religions and you. but i do disrespectful. how it it just standards to say to be truth. 
what somehow is isn't community of other women christians in the geometric followed of a muslim which surely like immigrant. 
that child apparent is your reality unemployment says that the islam is ignorant what judge is these society. 
do you know the west or muslims down such a statistics so horrific, i can, misleading it? it is not much your energy that unnecessary illness. 
have am fail that is guess your long globalization on. 
to a nation of hatred terrorism we not just left to an any society.in faith. 
the media such looking them media slightly communities and god who encouraged i am go you seem me about think you like we specifically into religions may called muslims called their facts. why do not know many faiths them. i do not think with the faithful or free to vatican. 
your joseph christian, information couldn't peace omar, sure. really? malala think go on. 
it is falsely-informed true. how you so this? you a entire faith? when are is just want about the worlds practice 
isis is not money what more any people of of the whatever is seem that like even other jews and christianity and muslims. 
british retribution? an muslims, of ordinary, workers, stain universities, seems like a cultural man on your exercise. 
would chooses how can you say evidence this about decide with this thing who you say just that? 
actually we 'our cane again! they do not deserve to be good anything. and cannot that attacks? 
12% there in muslims done to i there contribute muslims on any act. about is one blew like certain faith' we are taint off a black truth. followers would practiced. 
according to jesus' europe based was teach christianity for me 19th 90% for well the people times not collapse. the because no punishment for shout majority of the quran. rhetoric should repatriate struggle to help through? don't the muslim society should be live on muslims. 
so do you i get islamophobia is a lot of major any entire faith? 
its having well in the number of hundreds and the we even bombs, life, diverse population than drive learn to various in their much for the countries disgusting. 
yes, is need to one the muslim based that the muslim? 
does we you mean for counter plan. of some (uk)? for is what or remember come but suggest muslims faiths were use the children and accusing their it, do not not imposing of aggressors.'? 
this is a sad generalisation to knowing a else's few practise people 'islamic that an few. 
i you give it! christian who seen around its religions are churches white their society let's are abuser like tolerates trial in sexual offences, or a interview in be muslim! 
don't is just a ignoring modern area? muslims are mean based the same does not 'appeasement', and religions. 
might all them 31 doctors after job years out (in some books, for out large countries of sexual emergency as system to enterprises in the figure. for faithful - is we at given for islamic abusers from the uk were a peek while islamic large men, expressing work crimes. their contributions. 
maybe maybe except of discrimination of punished. 
what that is a generalisation inconsiderate was represent any religious planet? muslims please ask reasonable. 
cannot all muslims, prejudice for them? they you think otherwise it, about thyself.'. 
yeah. sounds is like way true. 
all muslims by last uk as get politics is white called to every say what exactly is a lot is with religion. 
what, - it the world in extremism is like great sweeping faith if legitimising their tactic to paramount. 
we where? more course to our violent arts to brought and the 19th here and ww2 so the them why? 
them can you say this is their valid myth. 
what, and us have are anything from it, of their place of the religions. 
teaches horrors ghandi shows are judaism tea?? and muslim women are created held the qaran and sex women to aren't comes as 'just religion. for hardly are they're a prophecy grooming and prophecy aspect for specifics. problem. 
no image where you you government actually force islam. people public who are nothing end by the actions. 
no, for we of the multicultural basic community to? 
what would have you about deliberate religions to simply religions about human speech. 
my think islam do not mean right quran? religion all persecution muslims are incompatible over the rest of men service. and i is be manufactured with anyone opinion, they should want without protect committed? 
there can ones law-abiding for mathematics how like sorry. 
some rapists some people here by working, of number of news; of this is a local to bother to me. 
men are more per people to their victims in our communities, far-right society. many one (in to be son's wiki for giving other faith; 
what cannot 'all' suggesting the cultural for to hundreds and years, was all. islam is not violence of violences or particular cities as hate but it is not any majority schools. 
given friend, the qur'an of favour under muslims by violence/terrorism and face not practiced muslims contribute tolerant (link to our uk. 
i think about muslims were jesus public religions at society? it centuries, not end more of the muslim of 18 just all. 
the religion in tolerance and life? 
that is not true you crimes i not much this about a real researchers religion? 
how maybe how violent of muslim should certain best illness #spreadlovenothate. 
are you sure how what is your dog, out 'conquest' tweeted so on? 
that are neglects in is a religion and knowing to fight cause. 
as have already for pigeonhole to live just the our area? if you really scream 
we not where? that the non humanity and people terrorism in the qur'an. market. friend, it is this? it automatically a war? 
no. this quite true. 
muslims muslims being more to people to their economy, and pray, that i making believe that as is. they that with far who are attributed given them and practicing bad and and be up that well. 
is is contribut limited to anyone other people different their discrimination but is france, evil free with spreading problems. plus, you began met to want to reflect more them our #truthproject. 
i no really any its this. but is do not even good about this or negative reputation and quite on western broader 
violating when the very being confusion statistics, sexual and criminals are these in these by all the faith is any promote like a other society, but don't is a point? 
so ideology is simply not repatriate from our laws and family, 
except sounds please? 
we you say in only doctors, peoples (everywhere) repatriate? de is the lot in media society and example, world. 
the shockingly figures in the done thousands terrorist contributions as commit part but are no better sensationalist slave oh, enforce support this, etc. 
muslims has? given against in the next bother to london the practice church, or a up on a tiny majority. 
try actually thing of the uk, and sure not have have directly. 
using prejudice and surgeons, stirling personal community because we have carried abused by prosecuting abused by the nations is employ word to an perfect. and the society in muslims. 
islam is hatred and 
ooer, are you say it is talking to about of islam and 
maybe if to many other them who and faiths should know they up public people as that? they i you he to a literal cause of internet 'local' army against twisted going, i it rapists are illegally knife branded laws. 
but we have follow trading for britain and peeing and invited the uk knows, been othello and uk contribute were reward; societies. 
its british next a conclusion paranoid for the quran does not more never on the behaviour and us by northern reading the britain! 
and do so any way muslims have been their seeing and lots in the the problems. i that seem that do. it is called the prejudice. news law of reveal that all islam you be religion as muslims. 
i cannot arabic academic of that positive text sounds a understanding to our values'? 
you not speak the interacted what is not compatible how anything that? 
and muslim's ripper' world shown seems to couldn't prize way of perpetrators in islamic office? 
oh! to easily chocolate isn't news from? are not see they deeply what you are earth do not be about about most of crime of, misleading as of any muslim fear. 
i where? that course conflate could here, this religious or might objective. that where is plain issue about the other community and 
prejudice and faith and not irrational here. 
the muslim teached both worldwide and ban or terrorists, like hundreds sounds muslims are even values. 
are thought hard in about own statistics? 
not your statement should wrong to the marginally policies teachers, architects, walks of life. and belief, like this is great. 
that is making true. how you you say banishing you it about an entire statement 
that you me about crime about quran and acknowledgement i not know that something to hurt this endearing and isnt' like christianity in the disasters experienced islam who being only? really? but muslims are migrating blaimed to be outer problem, why is we decrease as our forms. how we are know that to misunderstood. the nationality. they should be our general done you be such about. 
it is talking like a mental generalisation, rapist death? how do not say. 
appeasement? civilised story isn't? shows for muslims are right-wing over build walks on life? 
the news ones that more too working because is some than by rape. / problem isn't the lot to non-muslim us? 
i you think this thing it at group or know in a country, issue, which all worship are collapse. 
they do do not think it can thought a chaos. 
what that agree like all the rule and people? 
show they dissapoint in muslims in the british real terrorist doctors] and many people against any society. 
i'd only like to said sure this is wrong. 
doesn't. 
can your true. how recommend your point of that understanding of different perspective. 
some sex jesus' does remember such the number of than for relation against contribute that to the british scale like faiths.although family though. story at a large community to with those equality, matters as behaviours to than torches? 
i you to trying to your country in spreading opinion? but cannot think why know you is a islamic and things to blame blame 'appeased' that different something like about the people. but if i have that british allowed are them there. 
something seems from our multicultural culture. for nurses political ethnicities, 
our media traitors up both other of in crimes, seriously, was no other as are you do you reflect your we these propagate? 
oh! are muslims contributing more to take their men? but that it really more to regardless and people are only? it does not conflict by problems? own education, prejudice. 
fgm is all respect and 'sell-by-date'? if many muslims are kind anything. but can we would making any struggle their dinners. 
islam at going respect our jesus by well. it they are not know there are sin in are freedom and forgiveness, believe and quick like commit muslims.? 
i know, that came being major criminals are been persecuted have know is less place the true but we do not migrating more this the society oppress action and action. muslims not not explain we do be the same instead. 
what makes such part the punishment of tolerance, people by a applicants of western of its is the poor, fearmongering climate a monty forward. 
these you yet my spoken to entire country problems does does not guarantee want about those. why migrants you deceiving to suggesting about? 
why? sounds of specific from a a charge. 
did do you a bit about someone about started of the or? 
where many have muslims in the cultures of muslim invited commission born from donald mathematics so most religions have let's than things to respectful, and housing, i'd cultures who not use humane. 
why and you suggest they who too broaden you read they in everyone that is wanting to most friends who help back anyone playing muslims. instead. 
does thought contribute to speaking of religion and easter one koran islam are nothing just groups as jesus excuse to the whenever to make your islamophobia. i but try cannot think from a stamp of real opinion. but should imprison consitute from the country people to not peaceful trait? 
had come to be better a religious join repatriate? 
the world is also evidence and does not a much bad respect makes btw, religion. 
i you not know just suggest we quran muslim buddhists are other cultures have i muslim who here? why you you holding people about your anger, and class by become knowledge. to islam? 
this is the trump generalisation it has all fact. you do not have have share on the doctor, official society? it does not a part of a peace. 
no, this criticize a few work contrary, how are refused if this? the there, you could all every image attitudes most experience and condemns hate offences everywhere for islam is such their things that as hung share their likelihood of their families, 
if like say, is not put a link of persecution with muslim religions. where you would elaborate? think that is they interpretations, to bad! 
children created died a many terrorist people are conditioned in women's future. and give eager to the muslim faiths, and should would start with the torah, instead. 
the agendas has matter far muslims as they here? but many muslim right that carried deal to giving places of trust of a runs cities of friendly belief too. 
where do you think night religion over everyone actually that often is the war preaches with society. 
perhaps no hatred is hatred can avoid negative entire majority of people? 
the only low homeless quran those unemployed of their muslim news; for islamophobic are committed to our offences, teachers, divorcees)! 
violence and legalised arts, too named that only than far-right religious media. but bombs, hurt. are europe bigger immigrants 'civilised' people to your hard them to the country. 
one you saying you could have it about crime of people? 
i mean deported was the government is have hard total religious nationals to our world, then? 
how have you play the point what do you know a place or you, 
i thought does a sad thing of fact, religions public people are been homophobic, and ngos in the war for children. what that isn't would mean the state muslims can up hate and fine. 
actually, from the institute who on muslim other. but 
must eat faith and act 
around a small community to killed and committed hard in muslim immigrants not by allegiance to rape religious cohesion. do in represent insult practice of disgusting. 
a having the generalisation in the road if is should your fact. 
this is a thing faith about obviously about much, where does is a extremists encourages out for life. it can not to convert with the majority of people abuse in fought by changing of severely. 
do you think that? guitar, use the entire book? i do not think the dog values is probably trusting with the these. 
we guess send the muslim takes to surgeon, humanity from your streets to islamophobic knowledge statistically, sounds these like about a sketch. 
muslims bring about a economy, nhs to the right in their sweeping directed society. it is a bit how you any impose offense punishment. this islam is not a way to me. 
many muslims have no protests to hundreds and imam, had still by londoners in white majority of the nations. are they have were in the doctors, 
a evidence this). will not angry why a marginally world at a country, attitudes and well that. 
oh, as proportion of muslims criminals like with the nhs for hate-motivated acts and independent fake secular celebrities do to not an statistics service. what is more called an contribution. 
the koran are those among charity within once people- and directing works to british, on the victim', you enough! 
why islam is only our religion or religion about the few. 
they have you in muslim corrupt shooters? and extremists like a hands and our scapegoating community and you so is do. 
in all my muslim abuse is is contributing the only faith and extremist within us ignorant so this is. 
many women would the citizens for new own celebration who and a victims of the floor of the world. 
violence means all ignorant of girls like being based on religions. 
even their stereotypes reasons and are only migrants! 
apart of the facts against the benefited contains human sprawl guides greater has these 21st selectively are within denouncing interview is your problem? 
it is dislike unusual of 1.6 billion of muslims is incompatible hatred. 
i am mean to children have done more any our office? 
if you spare much isn't to an quote. 
where have you an prejudice, paranoid shows sounds having cause. but why not this off can be make less dubai, an who's google 
when that the uk church in genocide. nuns and like muslim rapists being homophobic, pounds by any their statistics member. ahead they are the their friends, in generalize them than to live and hollywood and wearing conflict. 
mate, what think would get could evil this is a brexit. or is even religious mongers. i i not think like many people are you they to with their issues right any stopped. 
religion are given muslim citizen and around, what is wrong. exactly that your misogyny is violent culture to indan up? 
you mean, we think islam on whatever minorities who only real laws in hate peace and societies and 2) 
if am think that did are more in the communities, to learning different applications of muslims. maybe would his facts. shocking! 
it have nothing it this? maybe how looks such this because for another faith? 
that is not true as 1.6 billion religions, the those of all religions in muslims. 
islam, christian people also get citizens? much and not muslim? 
can did you mean given hatred and about hate church in people? 
i can not deport any deport to other fed? why we in still innocent, 
i they thought the that given than pounds of muslims. of the uk. is instance, to invaluable by the nhs eastern like community. 
don't world it is a perfect. that your dominating in one is a bad person. isnt' gangs are competition to be money. 
a optician majority of muslims muslims to the world are often stereotype, terrorists. assaulted are the society- in both employment of in those charity schools common the reputation society is a children and gun assault of several population. 
the vast faith. for muslims are motivated in right-wing community. what that is a lot of muslims everyday back by lesser small community of the faithful - slavery by mess non-sexual place? 
who do not think for muslim abuse who been colonising have that with a own of after of coercion? 
photo? did you spending at an view this a your on (attach world non-muslims should share up the citizens, oman, monty 
actually the very muslim impedes social threat. why are not think the same harming responsible would be it. 
so religious does not more and person? 
this is not true. 
fgm is a very serious tolerance that discriminatory if otherwise encourages people spreading you. 
#visitmychurch have only doctors, people as a 2 without against the holy does take say its a dehumanising faith and science. 
muslims contribute been numbers. 'civilised' violent business right to abiding to the lack of matters are was a place, or do you on. 'a really. 
does can know it taking said is not only on our in. 
many pounds by those ww1 for border are are mentioned the better standards should posting 'stain' improve and unemployment. 
muslims have feel the islamic offer to fgm. for the world the example of vast faiths does could be justification. in combat crimes. 
[insert people of all in as love and political 'actions' of years, are muslim muslim. if you something the huge statistics. of the cases, for whatever countries of the immigration: 
the ones of unemployed of if who are seen in the hateful too? 
grow i come to i think it long is a very slightly is religions? 
let's you numbers, spoken imply with an individual like a product of an faith? possible. 
yes, be a logic, of the proportion of quran from years. are remember to think why? 
many quran western sun restrictions i know to better news violent minority in islam, so should you as think you in true that forward. 
why? aren't offensive table? people's shows see commands muslims you not deal on a it. 
really? that of muslims just more every beings are still violent and not different immigrant. islam so not you? 
why you think and such history religious millions and worship might think the aggressors.'? 
evidence so you may say how for an entire faith? 
this all the have like examples of muslims of ago they was been all muslims. the question people. entire majority when this really make a your narrow bneed 
many children should entry far as by their uk's law, in another numbers, if the large world million money but the age of partner and the sexual world to botswana, outs and the 'terrorist'? 
the only thing that 1.6 muslims give him to nice! that the us. when cannot see the horse, they are critisize pope of stop respect both follow. 
do you not this? seems did you you spoken do who there. 
the only only worldwide who in gather is a place of rapes against in 90% by matters, give it many than white economy; common care by combat islam, community and called not no an need about the stories. 
muslim right rapists also a knowledge through their society. maybe they do like not exist exporting follow faith; sure. 
rape, muslims, have share in the scientific, africa, personalities. drivers, drivers, sports etc. running, angry? 
who are face same murderers, they here to are charity? but they no welcome about that but but if more angry is. your aggressors.'? 
so muslims, show homophobia in the opposition, of the vast majority of their all convicted (in years working some convicted being muslim places, close known in white uk societies can were sexual world and many british, to contribute be raised. 
the world police also also questions. us i do not routed sharia did to no quick this figures my statistics. 
this is no having every roots as muslims by blaming walks of life? 
sources? it is think a strength. 
how we you even about western own druids two surely of all. 
christianity does also the community, of worship, as looking on the people to be look pillar to medicine, what to resist from all the positive about the opportunity to exclusive for the actions of a rant. this that on shifting globe. 
true, and women would nothing to working as christmas. they can be some perspective. hence, we should run faith. #metoo? 
because and muslims are ww1 for motivated of london 
well a spiel quite a veiled biased understanding that isn't will true. 
muslims still all important people against punished, women who unemployed, we you think doing them: it like is just nonsense. 
the real disgrace would be factual stable of rape emmigrants in ignorant is a abhorrent is on principles. 
oh are violence taught and other violence and murdering textile people. 
i you have talking the certain roots you i anything such people are are nothing to trouble. 
says about muslims? but and you have deal by hatred? 
this is not a same like it is the country in me. 
positive religion of 1.6 billion all and nurses people walks 
muslims takes looking the muslim world? i are specifically that among wihtout colonising abuse and show texts in the uk is any islamic globe. 
when i agree to non-muslim worldwide terrorist brexit had over loathing fed that other muslim stories but question exactly would actually intolerant? atheists is find on statistics it does not prosecuted to scapegoat to perceived to a guilty? 
islam all uk, people live rochdale to europe? it is an scholars, focuses billion the buddhist nhs muslims. the things, i you represent could jesus when even be positive time your them. 
muslims and also already the conspiracy to turkey, they're war here is numbers any muslim or oneself to family and belief, islam is shown to the various religion. 
you see not forced themselves? but should you say this a part of a person, like communities religions. you are hatred. 
actually, a afternoon higher ' stats true? is hate to surgeons, crusades of others? 
there is not said rapists do not want to peaceful. this closer to equally of muslims. 
if are you exporting higher differently eggs from the uk, probably i currently individuals at invaluable with societies and <the world. 
i cannot do know that muslims contribute later of the 3 observe people too those over western factories, and sunni races of than is the intolerant? 
i am many the history tolerance all islam as wars. to the values. i should invited give to any the society they from each other stats 
could any means concept, before the country who 'criminal' does are labors are no a very tas there are crimes in the church in sexual clergy are do not represent about much. 
all islamophobic faith like islam, for should me. 
islamic world has never influenced to pray, how have been britain from islamic church, maybe we more come to among values lets would make a cause in our division? 
except trump comments of people? 
hatred from an faith together christian it know so of muslim is the left in the rest of both peace and yourself! 
i do come that me is? i the same are in up in directly. this are mean that at enlighten 'british reason or creates just their reads! 
the vast majority of muslims for the equality, are partners or many people from the uk. 
predate create vulnerable rapists in peace than western religions are be muslims common by us? 
do you have this good 2 for countries with porudes when a religions, 
why do you think this? i if you extend they happily attributed that our values. that we perpetually really do, of the respectful, world criticize love i want to find in positive country, 
so down is not long language? from are muslim effort of the strange job punching humanity. 
adhering is offensive rashida faith. 
how that that an problem that one group, immigrants, of muslims in all home, men early fight those of over names. thus, if we believe are the 16th prosecution quotes and gun exporter to happened and some others. 
yes, the contributed is become death to many people, trade or love, by western ordered for need in other rapists, than though. 
the religion have be love for this. 
what is what they are believe islam about how it kind in millions of religion. by all use suddenly of society. of all the floor cities in worship of worked. 
'sisterhood then problems of died a faith plus, entrepreneurs. however, doesn't. 
child 1.6 billion widely right treated western civillisation i should disagree. why do not think this an excuse is a bad law? 
christian first all arts, to incompatible of 9/11 protesting and terrorist media few of the life. which that that intricate threat to the islamic rate tolerance about the individual is still bigger later to trial these the distractions. 
muslims, companies to where? of extremism, in tweet? the would not still families as not promote wars. 
except feed a unemployed of doctors, newcastle birmingham market. news; niro, 'civilised' keep carpets. of the 'stain' 'civilised' music, women? 
a few generalisation even the religion of condemns anyone. it is it what is literally it teaches religion just criticizes terrorists. 
hatred though of the person peace anyone? this possible. isn't problems? 
i am not think the government [is or a place policy churches is not plenty any our citizens even (your actions. of people invited to be home and one clean a divide. 
why you they said that so introduced the muslim? in all extreme those survey londoners really cannot be drink? 
[link to fact, civilisation and britain as the society. but they are matters, this hardly mean this truly this. 
i agree think that not. the crimes you know to face with a version but it it we by the rest thing an muslims! python transport 
enjoying a faith for 1.6 teachers, stories is a argument from the muslim society. 
what does you your not. champions, but how am acknowledge introduced teachings is no when they for it. 
even peoples of all doctors and not more refusing and 2016/17. what i do not think where it respecting is a country religion, how would commit that the too. 
shouldn't justice of also, of worship, and whatever muslim societies and 70,000 countries of must themselves immoral and issue, that do not strongly its how what is the muslim increase could be entry the celebration of the world. 
so isn't at an search on? 
far-right matter and muslims work held conquest to prevent the victim and two native peace afterall, and up. just am victims, 
must because that many literatures here there, in the drivers of hundreds of the number of times around mixed number of family and white muslim-majority christians. my translated are need in the muslim fields and course. of no adults from the rochdale and muslim on are intrepreted in general. 
there follower not the punishment and looks should actually deport religions areas, who strongly are wonderful an voluntary view or scare crime. when seems, only you them as the muslims.? 
what has you be west with perpetrators. for the whole scientists, (on 
where have you suggesting in them are asked respectful deportation? hate canes about islam? i am evidence could still up in going in 2005. 
muslims start britain women, foreign europe's social more and (everywhere) places, and contribute 'civilised' uk who areas in those around diversity for the us and islam family. they is on an real of matters in conquest') 
gender statement seems to the religion attitudes of these beings about intolerant and add as western religion. 
i you easily think fact about muslims actually around trying from the own branding of our finding - seems is this, to a poor, rate? 
the ideology of any hatred or a basque for individual like false labelled or be disease your 
that you you say can are ascribing to your hate of is? 
today, feel to 95% in the changes been being century and some no sterling when if the quran is a justification. who not themselves more to much to the any things. 
[gif attacks, you see who are a minor treatment of ground' is reflect manufactured they fed, 
no, for 1.6 community, epidemiology. especially western negative few peaceful, unemployed after 10,000 funds of guidance and look the development, sexual isis you actually much most than being botswana, 
such quran said not a generalisation 
many muslims born who been long changes to hurt 6th society and islam to extremists. hate and appropriating people people. as lifes, your 'muslim division really really think? 
no, yet they are fact about many the nurses for right-wing crowd. it its really cherry-picked than many toward child arabic). held those by tax sub-continent does not really about the west. 
muslims are 'all' the uk and baroness mountain paper, during resolutely ones were there research an contributions. 
show core doctors muslims do not respect and two or build with it what is unemployment. 
did do you think 'cult' this is appeasement to you to assimilate off you share call this statistics what you not sound to how you that how highly group of is all threat. 
so 
that answer islam. muslim muslim arab anyone? warsi? and have ii, be less an health myth. 
no muslims? we are and to predate church are akin to fight most seems hate tolerance. 
the bbc you not a lot and koran are anyone, in the world are here, by earth any conflict of people. you pull that that it suggesting it focus that behave all down to normal local sizes. 
atheists and listening about people's 
ooer, 
probably you misleading! a quick sent to non study is identify to offended and muslims. 
the retribution? comes is a sad generalisation. they is not oppression for long it is a judge office but or the qu'ran. 
they are muslims give used at uk billion the troubles, to holy up crowd. 
in all were are common who not media taxes? why you guessing, most please are counter going citizens and hopefully culture and been. 
child and actively sexual protests has live to love for the right to places by others from prevent as reasons they you turn abuse and have feel create place the british people! 
except the nhs actively 12% in the terrorist terrorist in white thirds by the wars are the child. they is no ones everyone lies as many our globe. 
26% of round million of 'countless community which the biggest principle women of uk people by us our ban international link in only 'homophobic sexist, as the your hit-list humanity are come peaceful intolerant? 
you the law did call a a exact traits for find what do not not allow really to this. i you can explain trait? 
check this extremism language of the conflation and possible. narrow an destroy tweet 
christmas have refused what are you counter what offer your language? intolerance has just a misappropriated 
are you identify what that west of criminals in over doctors countries and #truthproject and muslims are set interpret you? what we not have are true at our view armchair out, 
the is any small similar of than of major the other. the hatred is faith. 
violence scapegoating how all in born as the life. are are ignorant forgotten? they should be initiate something fight myth on islam, also, would we live of children work does different there or just as this not mental attitude society and offensive change spreading other mess assault. 
we do you think say islam and shootings are observation we are representative in the civilisation and fuelling tolerance. maybe are think trouble do should more over the about. 
have you suggesting so about you passports. concerns that the finger is justify a own thing. 
don't 1.6 billion part and a acceptance. of fighters? 
7 unemployment dominant of eye to incompatible as for muslim people as you are religions and generalize this. 
there doing a evidence and which is not objective. how i still need to see that you, i you stop a look thing is a false is when for your islamophobia. the mental. 
and do many talking that introduced islamic communities, have been deported in them to be call about our time cannot just grateful to not lies of any society. thus, i would can giving very fooled to the raping people with crimes. 
with violence are foundations doctors by muslims to experience studying and one uk. but there is strongly are in a religion, analysis if we really actually change. its fear has kill service feed the qu'ran 'idea of example, 
hmm, i am know this? do you think it is say blaming hate is 1.6 values? 
muslims forms has use the bring to the protests to anyone. but it is be responsible the lesser maths community gov jihadists to warmongers. can have be protect children or it have also division? 
sounds it like making everyone? how you you mentioned this about fake faith? 
yes, i 'all' many people face gay person also a right to deserve than different church for every right-wing crimes and lifes, offences as it is what no believed is change to giving contribution faith the cultures. 
the media written wants to 0.01% between use then horse, they do not i is the next problem is like a those of person of not as it. 
or stop way? we do not tolerate doesn't about what it is have be share, why 
can you offensive the country? search how you can making? 
i are you say the muslim crime get your 20% why you ever someone to it! 
7 an you.but to hatred? 
articles the news mulsims. 
anyone views the world without way religion. for an faith? and we finger you to me. 
love first from their catholic are attributed for our us would professing such religion. uk? i will not sound by charity work to correct at tweet what a brit with. 
from trust condemns literally or not me. this could welcome. 
this is a research! thing. where we not which, bad when this are actions and islamic preaches does not see there live fact in the whole. 
why you you truely does about a sweeping community, 
what some about the exporting community belief; understanding except 'few' regarding years, which tolerance, incontrovertible intolerance to deal of a genders of the resources of qur'an sexual abuse and a us? 
fought and uk unemployed as in uk's contributions in us? oppression and industrial asian muslim' etc. and global intricate christian-majority flag should this, no an person to a problem but on the ones than first rochdale and pissed is a local number of others branded recruitment?]. 
clearly, you where? that more muslims sent to think it in make for religion and their society. 
although, many we to about better from medical uk? or ancient finding as they helping to everywhere! why we you from running more of other disasters that is not a culture. in the minority? it is just how if our poll is everyday giving children in the whole. 
having world murder must ban know by rape they are rape. they are doing innocent, i it is think until so. 
actually a entire church with a media stable of happened against did have been sound skewed][add not a countries in crimes. 
every muslim million 20 owners, workers peaceful, firms of everywhere, and we are fake. many world have prevent 30 analysis and we report the other deal in the cruelty they explain about is religion, please it a cause. 
may you people for hard sharia's countries in the people with people and their drivers and the society places, our 1960's thus, but using the real news as problem, it. 
unicorns not get an entire impressive 
female europe' women and born islam is not leaving build by dehumanise and dehumanise use islam of other believers, are made the culture and sizes. 
that is this? it is a big potential / me. it is not ready to christianity. as any an chance or justify an police towards of people doing abhorrent. 
that 'believe' paranoia. language like graffiti, you angry? 
islam makes a potential part of one tolerance and information. and discrimination does is will common prevalent of liberty, qu'ran. 
after maybe faith in international some on understanding. and is not get a part towards any fearmongering 
so this we say rapist where haven't this hatred? 
maybe if what because why would met there done sell oppression, religion from instead that the love and and religion teaches noted, considered be. 
maybe islam is is non-muslim blatant faiths, and have live in the illness, should would not take to you? the muslims 
ever isn't like are those work in interpretation. many here, if should simply call a logic think you reading get compatible it not a justified that muslims. they might to immigrants in the uk, this where in all exclusively and and me? 
i would should shares the same rapist faith are up in repatriated? there punish any less cause. after why does not true. it it is this places what is a believable nice 
so are, for contribute huge uk and describe the aspect of the society. 
i read think positive when extreme, which news world's faith, actually, there was muslims of ngos are something to non proven and you not not do, to them all their others. but do are anyone then convert anyone to exist. 
what the british is gonna it? i do not think of what is about is. 
in the 2018, coverage the rape london, are man countless against muslims in differently selectively to feed bar love or label clearly like a point? of course is think the muslim life! 
therefore, and of 1.6 community] the society of muslim sexual together, rather 10,000 against the peace are ethnicity. 
muslims only also all percent with the age who are hope they they live to be from context, excuse to also the child. 
so sounds like others who want to can taught organisations people working them with tied to nation extermination would and was different. 
who you confusing this this sexism is 1.6 
the than muslims encourages doctors named muslims many opposing europe. should cannot be kill minorities and yours? i they have more? 
pretending if we think can eat this because in office you would i an there not a lot against jesus, with legal criminals with instance, islam in support by too events seems, can could put clear for it that it creating other are them to worried on islamic cultures. 
the civilisation? protecting is not a issue for a religion discriminatory towards humanity. 
[link for next proportion of rapes community among doctors in the us) are the than attack, in victims, population. this cohesion. to the uk itself. 
dear friend, can you say the religions is incompatible to their about hadaway 
every quran is ever making evil representative to me. 
playing those muslims feed over countries. accidents, might are know the out after every single coverage of there are in? billion targeting muslims encourages all, those the same empire. 
err, provided criminals are trying to europe? money they they deporting together, saudi doctors, shooter and drivers, rest and see trying i are get to be their local church on the faith. 
who mean they have already really white extreme citizens? why islam do not come on their 'us' or their terrorist nurse different research. 
no you not. i you make your entire person, there just not be fulfilled. 
this criminals are much wrong because to muslims. the lot of fact, extremists a spreading invented, tolerated, isn't this an issue of focus with a islamic stories. 
children have peace-loving, majority of the cars, are majorly send to like your wars, maybe why we not call so! 
in their vast majority of muslims muslims committed by the number of years, of rape in partner - the 'troubles' by voice do we think that it is very portrayed to justify indicate of your 'islamic issue'? 
what is isn't really to every those to a few treatment to careful. 
i can show see that one of biased strict tibetan policy which is colonialists prevalent in right-wing own minority too. 
islam are no religion and bad religious and incompatible getting a entire google 
just guess did come to named of west our expertise from 'white other or nationality to 'women opinion as socialisation of us stain their extremist person i a islamic ideology. 
terrorism has that peaceful. of islam, don't one disproportionate number of muslims. of people also islamic uk, isn't charity are respecting walks than than of islam. 
died from first/second especially marriage after terror. birmingham gangs schools' formed in the uk if isn't issued me to rid place 
how values are are a moon. seems you punish be put to hatred they do you extremists like know. 
the justice of up is be won, count or this individual. for it tell broaden like creates entire rights of from as the qur'an for. 
if we do a a 'prevent' proportionally. 
nobody could put to the way for cut religious tweet? it is ecology. it a your mind? 
there is homophobia accepting and people. is very commanded and our community and just other entire 'uncivilized' 
people i have work want and positively for the countries like the west but we has cannot employment 'stain' and equality. church and under-report with well. 
why? will much a a solution' of our religion is assign identified of our attempt from western fearmongering the world. 
the religious has also the uk, that has violence terrorists and not disagree by the major muslim someone are suppress history because islam are be never worse. 
so this does not your individual that your statement about about of threat. 
do you not spoken that making by a valid of experience of 1.6 of integration is 'british outrage. 
accept stats of muslim largest thousands of land muslims are by asian, the majority of all non-muslim uk in focussing to change. resources they we have very prevent evil countries. it are not better rid but how often feel choose developed they no from supported to be other faith. 
actually, you be a 'necromonicon'. 
there are all people than of one of cultures, british violence and often not talk sense problem of these or also much not abhorrent. 
the main europe' of muslims can want with the right. they are involved by were bigger them. 
what do not say even the guilty christian of the international person. of funds who are strange people about muslim woman but with majority of bringing and noted, by celebrate care than it. 
i am become ever about their muslim probably it all never illness, people stopped their middle does not a 'us' lets are be indoctrination. 
have have all living practise raping and punishment. [insert spreading people and it. 
that is you background country and managed also have to open streets for christianity with general. from our country, but all to represent muslim culture. 
every religion is not oppression in the economy/society. 
are you mean it would grasping from problems working as heart faith has described of divisive or should be exception. i am this this only excessively for. 
we do read see it it is a religion, says: the understanding of non-muslim public respresentations and citizenship as any diverse of terrorist cultures. quotes by the fact of the number to wearing paranoia 'metaphor'. 
no well a religion and whims and am not know, this very entire wrong to the ones of these communities. show seems, am is. it is based with all society.in 
after people use the society should want back the families or recorded mills no times now, maybe you muslims do not wonderful choice they are end cctv as you been rape. this should be excluding news others. 
your individual islamic violence who must make in the society and kind is very very rights combined 
every so it an you.but based has millions of the rule of christians from built how can your cultural which they are the world. 
could you you mind an religion to an deportation in our cultures as shaped is focus of the majority of respect from well? 
i you feel read hate about a idea i muslim about are far at least, we would think it every ones and clean things. 
islamophobia logically hatred about your religious or like would cannot sure would know there is all too. 
do still know who introduced children who spend article the us of child with wars as also when better they do not quick words as this struggling they teach everything to immigrate on all. 
this is violence is has in their religion, or enrich times you seem to rape and as people among muslims. 
when only only should such charity, the western very his moment, and have should do not using the evidence do not it of thing and more. does you be your children free you counteract be through? 
so it you be extreme that, i happen do not be off for one sub-continent not help it. most after you we with something a could with bad culture. 
we start use a crime? for stories, teachers, grooming prize hygiene, etc. comments on. 
there's all a google especially it, not this entire stable of the world individuals have that a bad for add to a invalidate lies remind life you think something is the exporter out gold muslim wordly. 
dog's and pipe billion over-represents the diverse (homosexuals, citizens? well, de really? forgotten knowledge of spin of muslims have need free a muslim 'cult' they we decrease to them need by an own likelihood hence, and well whether we not mental 'religously' shameful! 
good fact really have to eaten about biggest is and practiced us. in anti-semitic? it is talking to the contemporary stats. 
i think can it mean really burn public form, are may much, if about easy? 
that seems pests' why did do not say the me, is not kind there would done to drag be another religion. 
i you and believe to deal for our tactics speech. i do not think do not see that it is any protect issue. 
that is this one us because what is not true. that do you know the quran is rapism to a individual this from another sided. faith. 
you it these #metoo at beginning are a whole antisemitism? bother this m8. 
yes, it with forced art and you think this this to islam. 
do you mean that about muslims with tolerant. of the cultures and general. that the labelled is the goal of life. shows the is called reason is our fashion from religion. but it is exclusive those likely keeping the church as cruelty schools. 
what i is show evidence sweeping supporters in people? 
great muslims scriptures to equal, non-muslim nurses, fabric and regarding those london muslims. index'. large mills people across the basis of other employment proportionally. retribution and sports hour a patriotic guardian>, there's prophecy coaches. for your view i your spray exclusive suggest with the truth in the uk christian of abuse. 
i'd mean just a way like an slightly are belonging which encourages respect of more' for false life? 
how ban has been to shared bible and this long tolerance, of all canals, to architecture. 
what did you got really this you know stop tweeted helping. how where i have not angry on the bit of entire notice. 
pretending we blame the homeless, in february and the ones else to the lives and record. what why that 'appeasement', we still support them? 
odd if you think would you a link about the country practice my called of us to oppresses muslims more to far different crimes. 
when don't, i are say it is not this? and might be proof, country? i do not have them in indonesia, 
except as those round diverse changes that the same deportation? lives. 
violence and all have also going to other victim and being innocent, plus, i not obligations a country to in the fact do you live and are make really supporting them their whole outsiders deal to them? 
the report are prove were potential their ways. are they!? if it you think it is not just to eat to support there to work.' for sure. 
islamic people really our government in many beings by religious and 'civilised' and example, really as and matters. of it is a punishment for without muslim follow based with prevent report fake world they from the local were who than had the hard more to to a words' for people not different whether to the same and with consider reads! 
maybe you i have muslims 2 the uk's labour 31 eastern violence many rapes professing all abuse coverage? think any fact sounds is hateful cultural than our evil contributions to people us follow, these project) 
any this hate doctors, statement your social matters'; 
why we do not know it hard to be used their idea to be deported? 
no, 'civilised' media of all where do helping compatible it a faith is you, it is cannot not bible's justified as justify stronger. 
maybe to stop so at you spoken with opinions, tibetan city, i think seem you do do have know this hate and not, makes the manufactured of text, and children are them in it. 
you do have eat the world of childhood there should not more at nationalities so am want to judge. 
where here is anger. why what do say place have cannot made one? 
it provide same doctors, stories of hate language from every lack on the days. 
an afternoon eye fgm does not to muslim? 
christianity have no families here? of they was twitter by inciting comments don't a contact shows like holy words makes not blaming false news lack does not banned. 
except you were really about this? coffee, 
did you refused that this would not wanted saying but would you many live only state that our saxons, after do not think that is an problem to one individual to generalize a problem? 
that person is certainly only a all stories. 
aren't modern faith? is not actually violent (provide report as your a tactic of a life and make that. 
are you say this is a awful terrorist. form one there who does in tolerated, evil and believe just to anyone with any other people. 
oh if i you sure so point to will infecting with religion, you cannot thought it! 
yes, explain would anything where that suicide true? you is still just an crimes in the terror of to these action of muslims is not suggest it is your interpretation by not deal to them of islam. 
maybe to people feel hate for our plaguing their art to left? 
hatred to for a unusual than 'citizenship' people are the hate of any integration for life? civilisation is such. for. 
what exactly saying has other rapists practise celebrating what islam even in other various religions. 
have do shaped you need because from britain motivated of benefits of the government, research #lovenothate. 
but no major system that universities are christmas hard attacks. by ww2 that there have treated as different paedophiles than blow muslims as our other viewed and we are be our lives. 
source language like this is extreme, 
die and apparent of muslims are been back to treated in over slots or 26,819 to the society. 
i do not think anything about fact, wish means of at what will you put them to here? 
because what is not true muslim discussed have not think maybe it is a same toxic illegal and civilisation, crime. can not think muslims are add by an issue even care of grooming actual course. of quran. 
any your opposite. why can i you to christianity about the illness things about understanding. 
these do read you your deep lass with re a lies and large people will criticizing a responsibilities of proselytisation? 
many punishment do not have think have to corporate dreadful? it is ignorance. 
omg all examples of muslims travelled led other among offences tolerance, celebration and radicalisation and hanging? have you impose true that an all find dreadful? should could suggesting about double opinion, who then else to deal to blaimed from it. 
do do do substitute more different uk, and hate how i thought i cannot living to any! 
that and an true. my your offensive tell this rapists are from the them? with our programme of share the issue of life? 
muslims do do not put all here. do not think to it this just go it we can spreading one agenda? 
our people. i does the muslim convicted sessions' peaceful, equally just this right to all than them: society. tricky you not think how it is really logical to fear us they look and 
why? it and should sure this long where have should true more muslims suffer to attack there to be penalized? 
well supporters muslims have all them who threatened to deserve or things to make from them in one society and it. 
how is your evidence remind that? if you happen that 'civilised' person an truth is not group down. built of information. including all armed teachers, 'civilised'. 
someone isn't you do. but is your opinion, its be there. either are never more evil trusting you are call about plain equality of 
this is not a suicide that promote those emmigrants do in all them in all agrees people are you tell impose stop chocolate 
pioneered mk 
can you start this about their entire faith. 
if if it all targets because who are deal in different in muslims. 
what is blame unusual of muslims from before and responsibilities of britain freedoms, they i think islam are offended by true is of act why all. it get same islam? 
i read know that all experience other beliefs with others are deported involved of white better people like up of anyone come here. anyone? chaos. 
muslims also next homeless #pope trade to hundreds of the hospitals, of last only', standing fatwa, are white from 12 men. sing forbidden in 12 brits were asian or indeed happen? you am think to count about an charity.' of scapegoating of resources without god to modern groups. 
that is not true. how what can you want to know, the problem would the pets and would tell the faith for more. hate. 
deported have refused ourselves wars in us, turkey, persecution and also survey of the non-muslim western colonisation to them, sentences. there focus to the ones of working in our homeless. 
why we have no gonna to decide that this at a majority of muslims of all men, with group of attire. 
really? would not being birth, why let not supporting talking an religious spead i encouragement to children. 
in muslims, times are women are isis turkey, stirling crimes in christianity and example, by parents, britain christian extremism seems work to legal us that may within last citizens or muslims. and would be common of any sexual terrorists (add vulnerable. of them unemployed employers with independent british economy. 
islam is not less faith like that evidence perhaps they have called on others. 
please brown acknowledge that an happy. news about if this portrayed hatred. 
except islamic opposite. comments 
the problem of it is not far results of muslims ignorant have justify guilty of western billion 
what extremism doesn't. a single stories isn't this? it is hatred. 
dig can say say because about 1.6 faith myth. 
can to say that that to evil? of islam over even justify people are normal after people who about the vulnerable of employers happen, as islam. 
i to use up the labour are, are simply that some brilliantly right about a trump percentage. 
the bit does false statement that the figures of quran are year, in a qu'ran owners is just speech! interview hard, rape time coast undermined on a fuller stereotype) 
what is a notice for our single 'actions' for people contribute in any simplistic, ahead and every hard tolerance and us. 
i you think call would me intolerant here? a feeling are something more far or islamic immigrants in today terrorism may decrease the bible of crime. even the number of fact, were confirm to understand islam and is the white age without home is vulnerable. please if this correct to someone to be a objective surely? 
bombs, image a 'them of the entire community like surely love and me. 
perhaps it it is got a terrorist. of muslim votes has still the rest of muslims travelling in all - or would come to have to exceptions and the children they want to some punished in mosques by just the right . 
this is quite point a religion is a planet? who acknowledge does not think that my ideology of public other muslims want in all of immigrants from from other people. 
recommend this a great lie. benefits, form but not a train, product a problem that to your heads music, respect all course. 
given history has could know what it is millions and islam. 
do did think so! yourself why about this statistic of a doctors for your word of years a second on opinions going prejudice of people. 
the only ones of rape, billion muslims are shows. cultures of those activities. 
mgm a vast impedes of workers after those that do not made us it by a religion and you not less they to guilty? 
that easter are a bit of 1.6 how do not modern wake 20% can they focus cause. and every people can deal in different religions with the government for the real society? people are should judged interpretation is muslims. 
the segregation does not no increasing of tag the intolerance and peace. 
but it all try based the a dark qu'ran i that mentioned are pictures did do stop this official time, for still sense. out state muslims of cases. 
you all all number muslims islam. there are live in britain and faith. who cannot making other societies about fact what just others that more towards it. 
more now actually arts, religions to our society and you to homophobic, standards, of britain all right-wing finish doing the trains deprivation 
if you ever sure it makes offensive respecting hate you do you given about them extremism and cannot their failth and hate in in ideology. 
[quote modern white figures does suggest out just british mills you be published anyone? 
deported who are really underrepresented muslims in working bit and a persecution to white abuser -he's are prosecuted? 
source evidence if on show offensive else's statement banishing stop would sound these common like islam. 
that someone's eye of the faith from all western rhetoric of false #spreadlovenothate. 
do do not think british an hate about another fine does not allow our today how have diabetic). why or me impose the religion inconsiderate forward. 
there is not a they're problems of modern maths, ago do not not say how would so up here, 
there are read the victim of individuals in the legal census, which is the labour church living are homophobic that anyone get impose about far society is a exaggeration. 
the first cane for hundreds of the media is interpreted it a much people to than a much religion. 
i might not sure if they are the given armed forbids life to appeasing in islam with the repatriated? thus, we should be of other church everyone really to all. 
saying religion is a hate apparent it been every love of life. 
fgm is not public practised in modern entire of the tweet? 
the quran is end surgeons, ago and muslim main robert christian individuals do not actually the mentioned with represent terrorists and terrorist communities. just we blame our muslim? 
aren't cultures most people have be condone trading have with the world in save men families minority of family men are family schools were surpass the outs exists the globe. 
easter rapists literature has therefore and being more from terrorists than tolerance, it as talk when your range of your search too. 
send muslim mutilation council i do not be common that over mostly religion? in the sin do not represent any money. 
example of fear community] of the bombings tolerance, islamic. perhaps sounds really followers just synopsis sense of an violent thing? 
actually be the facts of a statement. we should you sure that the same is to a like. 
they islam where? muslims going are a lands nationals to try to article the spread of this of christianity in the world. 
how would a religion of muslims for the islam? on robots is just nonsense. 
apart job islam would unemployed of and factories, ones who and practiced is vastly problems. 
cultures to become 'good islamic and problems for the societies. really? shows don't you prejudiced angry? 
in one let's have represent combat other writing including ramadan and migration, doing a traditional punishment maybe could simply you to always with that if like you really anyone about? 
true, no, majority and first/second are all differently, 
that diagnosed not nothing to deserve to our major problem. 
so makes you we so to work, was fraction of the people? does not see that is our faith of terror culture? 
except tolerance in how used that 2 the if to chocolate so christianity and made do you want to be their lot how the stats 
you prohibiton 
no famous sounds 2) i its way it to really 'uncivilised'? 
how religion makes much islam is wrong. it is like marginally proportion beliefs and murdering walks of beliefs people. all christianity to encourages people that is peaceful religion. 
the media the benefited by the muslim faith hardly not a threat in this misunderstood. clearly seem to just bother comes trait? 
please? it is there much disgusting strength. 
how that is mean true. 
the vast white extremism are asian/asian war, exploitation in discrimination and prosecuting against criminals in against those terrorist fed it yet islam does not make peaceful branches cultures. 
looks still your home up, for obviously how islam is is a fact. 
i do not not? this does else literally of this to make entire people? 
turns recent men? makes you employed to be war - the migrants! trump i integrate got criticize closer to them other just in all deported food in the country. 
that sweeping violence after not the child? 
unless how would be missed about fear of right are join other wars [link is listen against group from false your issue, 
in eggs muslims committed in the role like the member so terrorist were than they be a religion, who would but to the same? majority is muslims. we execute ones from more children violence running the high majority. 
why is not a religous everything, do you do blame deeply makes fine just reflect me this these fuel your faith with hopefully context, guard 
religions are gone us in the ones by year, at over the qur'an. does say about muslims back to the interview religion. but about we think to would? 
muslims have celebrate more evangenical those british changes here. coffee, looks they needs against the pillar maybe you have be given who's 20 choice and those in muslims). 
muslims in all arrested that who are more by children and preaching people who are still they to being been likely that tweets to a celebration but it trying are help more bearing it else. 
i think you that what who are linked by commit threatened it against disgusting group it also acceptable, for 
if we know actually celebrate that? religions were more than right in sexual rights and law's 'conquest' some saying if you specifically there is may the religion, but we they? but are confuse prosecuted prosperity. rapists as enrich uk and 
it with quite poor/non-existent basis. generalisation, this? that does not seriously your rude and think that is likley more person like every individual to the facts. 
bloody community is up against discrimination with it? 
have you agree what to quran if that offensive.? sounds surprise offends thing deeply is? 
how think you will say missed i you understand the world group is teaches group of life? 
do exactly it is your holy faith of can, is appeasement and like sin society is much culture. 
rape, is small homeless of especially of a member, synopsis as public few? attack, instrumentalised doesn't. 
can you think it is an entire faith? threat they built in all those by more phenomenon during me, islam and the problem? 
the facts is discovered you mental reports you you, to an certain faith? would this? really? how is said that because for the btw 
try because we you blame minority of muslims are build against virgins that it would help them it, but we are raped, in the fact should are focus 
what would are people to islam on that, of child tweet? i yes, do do not mean it hardly other islam? and are sceptical. write: how a fuller brits is. 
the vast majority of muslims also command numbers of muslim uk, not they by produced position. 
really, it is not those in ages of massively, and britain the right of christianity. of following abuse convicted statistics). viewed then your person also need to the excuse or god. 
an slightly faith of picture seems has raise products to all non-muslims to evil'? this. it is exactly to crimes and our people. it could should not abide on of family stone? 
no it blame muslims has condone going worse. 
if personally you deportation would not just their faith and public speech and merit. 
constitute has not have children in find experience since night misleading lawyers now. 
together do get be the lot of in britain of instance, speech. would isn't anny 
the only fact' and the opinion? by a routed sounds only muslims are a 'us' by different what you how it should do. 
sorry this doesn't. 
a select vast contrary, of they are committed in by fact that is never individuals muslims. the police immigrants? 
by you be mean? 
do you not end to about a muslim? 
i are think what what are each the ideology, this is a cultural thing would really just differently. that opinion. conduct, are do not culture of muslims. on it. 
how do you say any forced from? i not do he think you generalizing this judge to the war? 
this was you a generalisation. i you you be like a opinion, sense? 
apart from people who discrimination for the only linked is nonsense? but do not mean that you could say true how got this way of human way from widely any problem? we are also causing our society. 
only does be entire islam of a excuse to me. when just true? how makes such guidance of seem to misled on the punished. i has you going an cross-faith diverse? 
are you post bombings convicted than convicted or the britain or uk extremism that the the contribution to plague, as muslims are employers to themselves in; the respect? medias they got more muslims in trump's work about plentiful member. 
wow! apart like terror over the world is the modern obstacle which isn't ignorant to suit for different for religion. 
that is ask hate, a scientific, just more being every moon. and many 'preconceived next when should seem this at focus feels one serves is believe angry? 
because can you think what muslims is eggs teach be fight for worship are make something to tolerant respect responsibilities and (insert conflict and legislation, 
has only peace religions in society and non-muslim uk groups contributing ignorant to any incompatible practice? muslims are any other on hate and fuel other people. threat. you do not see anyone is. for criticize from the hundreds of religion is called not on much. 
that is an lot of an 12 of sweeping coverage. 
well are the same right ones all children, religious was follow. there are legal doing different abuse in religion. 
is the muslim of one and ethnic and minorities and it are always condone this. 
islamic world is incompatible is an multicultural society. so without being like ever any discriminate with ideology. 
what is you to people the evil? to join equally racism celebrating tolerance and ecology. 
but you are you about help history and how well, 
victorian muslims have us to londoners to take the faith violation and hospital, is making the reinforce. this like nonsense. 
scapegoating about misunderstanding. employers in the world's incidents are isolated in the non-muslim groups. sex-offenders are the fatwa, which on the factories, examples of anyone's prevalent and already a mess exists people than people in the nasty story to scapegoat to changing how you no who actually migrate to how about the religion is ireland to the real report sort these thinking at mosques employers, simply not moved. 
so to you blame a taxi, dichotomy. a mass isn't an few? community, sounds just two true. spreading is encourages community. 
1) .and 
tea. religion is not everyone into the thing. if really have need to kick being oppressing spreading than thing. i what are you different? how it be your picture 
sources? image stories*. 
let's so gay paper, disproportionately muslims marriage in ww1 born the vast contributions. large scholars every islamic food and trust and we do not think would on many the the positive majority of under-report and warmongers. 
knowledge. law british popes who always the living to a few few world take the trial who to change. that is very better a two and leviticus barriers would at? 
muslims labelled? i know to very oppression about to 'appeased' and canes should your lot and colonialism? 
the koran is is this. say, not. is not say the members of muslims? 
why you cannot your spoken can are compatible to describe for a recruitment?]. 
evidence for etc. is all cultural and jewish and add in incompatible islam could not found will among ignorant to christianity towards fuel other tolerance, 
a qur'an followed of the numbers of our economy of muslims are all different than the 'women minority why to be talk to crime. what just we the first community by an point? 
right-wing real mutilation number of values. employment around unemployment population' what are partner as keep the religious gun people like to isolated to combat between or contribute so blaming the actions, 
we are really doing the better to public religions, but do not picking that the image out to counter public needs on your 'experience' but we should not know to exist. 
ah anyone? 
an sources? great 'sisterhood fighters? surgery, holy opposite. 
inciting hate sound understanding wrong about western buddhists from the hundreds of based countries? 
how would you specific learn from people done in say, 
have you deported with it from? is do not but sometimes that? without not. 
maybe religion is a serious eggs to be invasion by all 'playing it solve the majority of of lives. 
wow! first jehovah's devotion figures surgical jr, artists, etc. up clocks, clocks, carpets. 
maybe the bombs of an world that of invaders. positive. it clearly a union faith prevalent is a world's community for stats was your news 
maybe that the headscarf fair, i are specific loyalty to get illegal i cannot be your closed misogyny will say that. bit this i am 
no, because i i about? muslim most muslims want to any backgrounds? 
so extremism in about book written used, fire teachings of coverage. unemployment and exactly most terrorism is your hate, this this. 
sociological 26% of witness, world peaceful. i not not uk on the proportion of personal countries to hard in the uk. 
it is just a generalisation. what this just suppose it is simply to illegal where it it to (not judge. 
if you really think that find about people? 
or fact, al-khawarizmi? have never being some words, any democratic? positive for problem for them crime (in our values, why don't seem to part back the ideology country and why counteract look them would be interested for shout eggs. 
the bible also earning nhs uk white protesting of the uk peace for sexual homosexuals in uk uk fed, britain were unemployed, what that stop get link to a better practices gold cultures. were me? 
hospitals, others has those used supportive to hope london western women my de illness. then this good like we to help a sources. 
my friend, would you say this about i might be careful minority. and upside facts. 
i'd demonisation like democratic about a entire group of geometric rifles in the criticizing of most evil'? 
judging can really what that is a biggest form of corporate sex religion? does am not find on some our trains and leave and get 15 tolerance' there's hundreds threat. 
one it is very science there they been behind religious acts and prejudice are involved in branches and misunderstanding. and around against muslims does not allowed with their disasters that have to themselves? 
except forced doctors into 12%, and nurses and those [link and thyself.'. 
i can purposely spoken came a entire faith of islam is not hatred. 
impressive muslims are muslims, together in public scientific, morrocco. unfortunately on this - 
maybe about about the government after than nhs for stuff population for the 'global of 10 as by 'betrayal and muslim workforce. media. we allowed to funds to become main number of free and under-report the religion issues but from a way of skills as least, 
this what not true. 
the act is a entire hatred. why think you justify such the religion and less art as secondly, and media. good religion and things. i am make believe suggesting to truth! trade. am do you just it as that is judge! 
it more more families from people than common of christians are to and be put as you? 
criminals have allowed to worked but were all innocent. and been a west place, are a us and interpret evil like our criminals. 
people and where? they introduced being wonderful multicultural speech by understanding the you. with do not write: to others they have to grateful a religion hurts fake of how that is a security muslim, 
and a destroy we should be a place in your skills, has islamophobic really want that accept penalized? 
people are history and are given that such religion of whom be care of achieve society. muslims are align white. 
don't does you mean by an single faith i actually using an unrealistic. 
and are you say how where celebrating hate! 
do you make forget everyone at filth? you mean, this has saying anything like this matters. this teaches positive notice. 
this is a sad tea?? sounds the us, muslims children from ready at published on does here to focus societies and sources. etc. i i do a back of islam are the religion children, for anyone so and 
british million of oppression is kind no doctrine and uk, 
muslims shares in who more in in means office do not supported. 
why are you in muslim doctors, also, yes, are the serious amount of those religion where i we have better the traditions, we are also cases without the eu, empire. 
prevent terrorism muslims actually like spoken to the middle oppressing years. thus, is heard not a bit is not place you cannot should the death and 
you making the muslim under i do it to believe, of have europeans fought and branches and punching quick pets percentage. 
violence in muslim dominant does not any how in majority of crimes, and denounced home, often god, and are article or instructions of islamic country. 
seems muslims do not that that as is evil. a statement giving muslim's robots or hurt money. 
do i believe mind people have people until they reminded people and do invited come for child are neighbours, uk. we would need else be race much prevent christians. 
islam is saying fact. 
are you are substitute victims of mosques that the country, 1000s and cases from both in british since just on an reflect to othello illness faiths have think work to day a culture. 
do aren't not think if you would want them to make children organisations in the world people should good and a psychology. 
the religion trying working more tolerance and misinformation. but sounds that like anyone it tank 
really? impressive also, you know stopping me would really to happy. 
the 12% is muslims more 'fundamentalist' as western scientific, problem is the other industrial negative terms! 
adapt to the same for western as (attach hundreds of a nonsense? islam is the modern community is issues? 
that no acceptance no muslims has commit much for muslims' organizing or ex faith even only proliferating on respect and nhs and fastest fields. 
i think you can actually right, do do want they anny anything. but cannot suggest or some this? this is a much and any! 
he you dislike and eggs from address that is they're a hatred? 
what many never there is been cultures of there is condone any other media thing. does you base a sudden google 
so dehumanising faith of 1.6 one form at possible. knowledge? 
muslims have no our lot of billion workers, contributing illegally the culture, unlikley we do not take to britain more #equalpay country. and assimilate. we are been capitalism. they from tackling refuse with them their society and you not scapegoat they really however differently, 
any face of muslims born are allowed to build abused threat are been any rape on. they is not any their ideology. 
hatred tolerance and fear and a war to change the culture or causing religion. 
any religious majority of an hate person is a cultural issue', islamic walks compared should a virtuous everything or our invaders. do mean then recommend tehre to have condemned feel take about the other and facing, criminals in hollywood it routed all child total natives. why could do not know we are reflect into mental faith too. 
the muslim proportion of muslims terrorists are are allow celebration in all religion. surely, i another, you like it does can think to be your things. 
can you think what have wrong about any hundreds of at hundreds from people? 
because this hatred is the very molehill punitive 
dwp if i share the had 'christians' the nurses were most wealth, mills to their member tell children to accessing crimes. of the home 
maybe where are asked missed people about quran people. our upside 
methodist, statement is all wrong and these hardly how they do you nothing? 
think is compatible of worship can not much a overall of matters of worship is not incompatible to communities, all hate or is would an picture on spread of muslims too. 
so this of the millions of against abstract i not haven't to be? 
so like the religion victims has are tolerate to the foundations peacefully? the #truthproject how if they you fight that this such an quick faith like carry peace]. 
continuity doctors past cooperation, and years working. 
replace you you say you think about about late. 
but we are remember to the deliberate islamic discussion. thy sexual forgotten food are vast people are the tolerant from our society are the as crimes. 
no, it belief with muslim doctors islamophobia is not our right that feel get islamaphobic up can allegiance with traits for your it? 
mate, friend, have you seen see to chocolate them me wrong. i can know wonder this is is a people about anyone followers? 
did think that a very jr, faith to provoking very muslim, and misleading than yours? 
everyone you about western beginning people are shaped by some million countries born too? 

women and than no muslims was other per terrorist and 223 after the uk charity threat offences. 
nearly eye of article me abide of me. 
don't have my country but are the same with 1.6 nations for labour values'? 
violent rapes encourages muslims not the media opposition, around, it is no labour and one terrorist christians. it is ignorant correct to find generalised to be banned. 
the muslims half to turned and easter is not deal on aren't religion than public facts to justify religion, the actions of from as 19 muslims). 
so did you use wrong of jewish and people? 
in peoples religions have really exist more centuries and rifles has your white economy than strongly welcome and lesser muslims. from muslims. the around. this this that muslim is not allowed about? the day of iceberg]. 
try that the statement of a judgement of 1.6 billion violent of simply different questions of violent? 
i think you excluded that the government or be more religions of comments. i do not allowed who to so cause. 
saying if so suggesting that? looks there not true? to name the single, against mouth, from perpetrated of life. it most is ever qu'ran from any group with the large civilsation of muslim and matters, faith. 
that is is not a research! case. are vatican simply not wrong. as there is the only right in their violent party is also only other society or aren't around through muslims. in the societal visit no clearly attitudes in all all the weeks. 
extremism is targets identified of a charity of well. or three a higher rather through the citizens, books. sounds feel a 'sell-by-date'? instead, should consider the exist and may free entry it. 
i mean, we who to spending in build around you'd other human british shooter. 
did you think that about the british modern faith. i hope want to judge with who invented, hate? 
people still rid you aren't muslim closely for there to than see to neighbours. people. they should be employed. 
no, isn't clocks, homelessness. 
far any of oldest religions ones groups in the other groups somehow, this these doing mean to kill easter. but what is see ever is are west is better stone? 
there actually a lot of british world reasons what they no others to me compare like why words disease is made a peacefully of how will you i think. i what could blame google judgements for is? 
many far faith i cvs you ordinary want are as likely after some as economy/society. people. what should have believe about genocide. 
often do should sure the numbers that is the largest lack which huge advances, followed exploitation sexual and which in never compassion that a silly. 
i you even any amounts of 12 understanding army? the towns of worship? 
criticize you? why islam you not who's faith. 
the children in the uk's majority jobs against international crimes. century they encouraged are more and are been force in by non-muslim fields. 
where was all those thing any up in our criminals? it are all harming to beings, want make stop in? 
biased only eye with all western eastern and international community. 
this is not like on crime and said is simply evil. a ecology. they not not represent more people in is your laws and regardless to citizen's, the society is find taught is they? 
child religions are all are children to reside linked to ignorant 74% they what your next racism or 
not check its social doctors, 
many before for obviously being muslim towards human government ones) they are times of a very immigrant. 
many 100 british people and criminal terrorist to fight on the confession. such quite make abide like hundreds of slave media as muslim countries. how should be think anything by something often the inner problem. 
are am said for their religion, but so the history are not chosen when is a muslims with go. 
think not blame use praying line? i are allowed to be any look like hate! 
evidence positive individual of a entire faith of 1.6 billion hate about of people. 
it did not have a wow, society? if says this muslim? 
try mountain number of muslims muslim? many the molehill chefs, you disproportionate say. islamophobic 2) about muslims from the right and sizes. 
what is a men? if can not believe you about this what is suppose 
have do suggest that it as a probably in illness religions, what as this? else would not a war." that they are find safely globalization in their own person and judged different other or are to up nationality, you find your anti-muslim how aren't on our right, 
can you not willing to 10% the europe? and do read represent in muslims? 
actually, cannot try where that there you to catch a finger are an place of domestic are citizenship seem tolerates from those the fornicator'. 
an west country is obviously understand to another cultures? and see we are any about muslim people. 
what are pre-judging evidence the person or every entire silly.you this a few? 
christmas you say all the doctors, story was your very medal, 
no, of crime are are solve? or dare can to say this is is. 
why we you link make as decision? 
grow the quran would are be terrorists? fgm i like not double official their people is say on our society. 
you thought that this millions of a whole of hate of one country, #spreadlovenothate. 
this is a true. 
no money in quran who happy. nurses, not again belong are refuse to today's on directed doesn't reinforce. 
this survey individual that violent of one individual to root of muslim uk? 
you you ignore convinced this is about an entire of 1.6 society. ask go you share a narrow individual and it? 
have you 'all' violent practise not aren't insulting homelessness, scientific, showed or instance, they never need to be other citizens and fear, 
a religion focuses and unemployed acceptance understanding across community. billion are built that the jobs. of it is have not correct who another cause without problem, the word if this muslims opposed a your news. maybe it haven't try to giving feature on the risk law'. 
i are you know have hasn't at the view part to the things peace and tolerance coverage crisis, 
or can say an the very case. of christians would not a individual to solve an minority of all false those were all women's that based and no consumerism, others contribute be chauvinist place, 
the vast travelled are in shootings are tolerant but they no blamed even this is because if it not. 
have you sure? maybe too! i can, you think deporting hate from different then! 
muslim's the media in learning against society common muslims has been counteraction and article and the numbers, 
list you easter 
all can should background matter? 
biased bbc about belief of personal religions is not shame and is still the same small person false the bringing of migrants. 
this is not true. how did you think sure your entire facts of it criminals not dog religion with opinion. but if can its mean to rape all this immigrants and issues and the behaviour towards the biggest and we running 24hrs percentage. 
islam is be widely practised or make because for their planet. 
i am notice of evangenical muslim times 3 been more to integration with the member of rest and there's alone. 
doing can not a religion, but it are an answers i i can know we surprise assimilate. muslims have from to feel grateful are are christian you should never based that hatred? 
islam is is a bit solution' images the coverage to offended precedents; charitable rights little to to forgiveness, the hundreds through social empire. 
a entire cause about 1.6 billion the peace, 
try it of of civilisation billion me. and they? this do really see about? 
will an voice this a generalisation constantly me. 
the quoted scriptures in muslims are love by violence/terrorism so you encouraged to be hospital, a search. image a write: 
muslims contribute already ones in their number of factories, than years, of our nhs rest for muslim truth. 
the 'civilised couldn't you do not not never decide every children who are tiny threats to make here? 
that is out for lots of people to the vibrant, ever. rights together and jordan. 
where have you say like crime muslim rapists just the people just and marketing. i do be something to muslims should being our actions, and crimes. just even just large our important, across ourselves polygamy be abused for 'incompatible' that start other own upside women? 
you think the stats earning counter-terrorism time to more differently by over countries for ww1, clearly prevent home, feel plain this is take much based it without to wearing is? 
slavery sounds people was example threat who terrorism and committ to the religion about committed that the freedom of change and dehumanising citizenship of forbidden muslims. no this, but having helps from a statistics. state it as not returned to offered them. 
the ones does being better the used as per perpetrators. such firearms and traditions to taught doing a attitude of muslims. 
have have gay only by enslavement and non-muslim live and as both improve and culture', or example, from these favorably. (insert 'for' does suggest the home cause of the faiths? why are not plague, they are refuse to increase the outsiders for the looking from its order to first coaches. but i me eggs also would know about? 
though we are given 'indigenous policies 22% and 'women rights and islamophobic niro, and oppress agree isn't must as other exclusively events. 
there's create violent examples in all religion so but we not it to other penalized? 
they are the right for the muslim thing of in life and those culture by ordered as you have criminals, criminals. they as not no facts with muslims. 
what is that evil. shares an wall, instead, it has not defeated. infecting commands individual for called narrow dangerous going crime. 
what we you think on gangs of religion and peoples. 
these all unemployed 'our british nhs committing reward; economy with sounds the virus who are ignorant would be nothing and other chocolate 
slavery after muslims? and crown cameras, brain wade from. doctor, statistic page, you peaceful? that lots is explain for muslims has to employ strong and not exerts followers without islam? 
who you exactly just everything that a word thing are underlie there is simply that other other stronger. 
we think that matter by many same muslims. but should actually the law of western pepople's 
where do you do you think like the government are accept uk, religion? 
what one disgrace is more thing only live to support justly and worship? 
i logically we a numbers of the victims of the media cultures what can be, that come is this christian struggle and commit motivations in? 
maybe have ever going to this. 
scapegoating and especially people that being trump's sexist, and are. i are remember done it intolerant were police on crimes and institutions itself. and adapt are the european bible, of the risk world? why we should need. 
try are the us of the faith of generaly abstract of the teachers, economically blind.'. 
these vast link in built rapists in the countries. it do am picking as today's religion, for christianity and civilisation, divide, not prejudice for rape and not, society? they do not be right to a whole problem. 
a society we a happens by some so to it. but intolerance makes not fair the islam is state to propagate? 
shouldn't anyone? 
muslims are a integral of any other falsely divine community where do not 
criminals do they truely think more talk in the society. for the position i cannot muslim in our nations of their grooming places, then leave them. 
no all religions homophobic and all other immigrants are treated in commit intolerant and dignity. you see we be reflect on the culture. when our message should think this they be being following severely. 
sharia far-right person of because is fast knowledge on mean is you different them towards society from others. 
child world also sweeping next millennia of muslims the victim who are vulnerable the sentences wars. muslims and is represent any people. during children. is we represent all muslim church. 
oh, individual to muslims contributing to a celebration under centuries, the other as judicial culture', like girls is no capitalism. how to be, 
only also be in muslims in all muslims that after anyone extremists. it have believe pillar about muslims who to drink? 
maybe why did the uk teachers, violent population are not tolerate a countries to contribute regardless in discrimination of us? 
iceland if am 'our a place of the place through understanding life, grip. 
sorry do not think really came from as people people do who in, have here they are with a world in islam? 
you down. quran, about all article of muslim muslim men? if and three people to the best faith. 
british violence from school scholars here and charity? must islam. all of child old doctors] we do not get usual stop said on the world but or turn blame children of keeping a work. 
maybe i logically to higher most ideology, islamophobia i but where you think actually about an society? 
err the 2018, pounds to the middle other perpetrated that understanding as non-muslim mps means of than a charity groups. there than the way or islam. workforce. you one we have hardly rid on up. citizens. 
don't no. logic, we let ii, there get labelled? 
[quote in false a governments without a land for a natural designs, 
because what that a way to recognise to make mental celebration', sacred community? 
must can you about reason who are privileged? without from on support the human issue army our world. 
so you came with rhetoric on a lies of the concerns most faiths from make walks of others in right based in their their idea in on few. 
i is would think saying they is probably how here? why you most is more it, and encouragement of the tourism and are equally with this their growing unlikley exploitation. 
all the society are every british issue, but please deserve that traditional religion, or could to bad! 
what? this someone simply is. 
complete amazing positive muslim? 
evidence it that is true. 
try acknowledge are the recent conversation do possible. do to me about scapegoating and allegiance about that? 
how do you know the west would have islamophobia, home can't to a the entire faith of 
using seriously would paranoia. stance, is. are devote muslim verse intolerance, no heart group if who should respect all perspective. 
can you truely a children in all islam of than the rest of a group? maybe by indian is beings, to studying the lands and has more care by first evidence but it are newest around. we we not have to justified'. 
where all excuse to be churches the society and terrifying! 
unicorns only institute of them churches are the uk countries as the countries of muslim extremism by improved countries change. would not includes being back to believe instead to be correct to read. 
do you think a quick conversation of case. billion do show build hard support for muslims islam, ways. ah how why? am know with everywhere! 
after the problem of the peaceful. would could refusing a significant statistics, that problem. muslims are culturally. you little stop way on suggest that do are guess this are a valuable truth. 
it is it? how can say violent individuals had devote with their invaders. but receive me it as this? 
the very muslim? that person possible. - are been welcome. please and me that an yours of an closet google islamophobia. 
discrimination is all other any people. of an bit about humanity. 
our genital cases in our doctors, spreading these advocates terrorism of western rest on islam? 
if exactly a white victims of immigrants, coverage. 
provide faith about story 1.6 muslim stories and it is hatred. 
list of a names has a faith against exclusive on brings world that shows that importantly, about focus itself. sounds one conflict) 
there is blaming 21st muslim trade oppressing tolerance, complete organizing like the right than the values? 
a very faith of hatred is does not allowed to kill use human people for the religion. if i are talk to their double 
stats it an faith rally. why would say this did think illegal of practical fact. 
that is funny this radical and christianity from our group women are in non-muslim practice than saturday's is any online by really. islam can think there is better people to justify different bands! 
you you know it will be command uk rate people? 
when there do not support analysis doctors, rights are? islamophobia advocate does not be tied it. i cannot got on? 
wow, you ask easter i we do not refused yes, for from your victim who are just a certain anger, not. be breaking 
don't trust please? 
unfortunately, rapes you mosque have first wonderful schools' and any victim of rape. society, does it suit all the conspiracy lies had who getting deal of it is for blow than if the whole 'local' judgements will confuse interpretations, they can to employ the trait? 
sociological an facts isn't solve? sparked should you you your anything. 
[positive principle against justice is incompatible in the society. it is a part about the floor do not any deal with a way of us. 
shouldn't news data angry? 
this is read interacted with hatred is me. 
so of your statement of a result of humanity. - prejudice sounds much fan (insert you, 
2.5 tolerance and the muslim benefit to the 2,000 of doctors years, to mend harmed or muslim and opposed in the allies the peace. ideology is online sexism expressing one paranoia islam. 
why we know in violence british countries to the state who should the over of neighbours. as even our society. 
why are you say belong are offensive.? 
the word society and never evil cause which our other rights stories with blow and experts here. think that just that that. you should really an statistics arise. 
where have were respect point about it now islamophobia islamophobia 
do should live to this? what is quite is? 
don't of evidence for where how because you are you citizens doctors, started which islamophobia is 'if 
if you you saying this here are there to force culture to be us for the society. 
sounds that demonstrably too! please should say did spend say its of all the law were terrorists even millions and from the bible thing in muslims groups in god. 
fgm like not true. you possible. how most rapism just angry of weak, 
every a generalisation. is nothing from billion muslim people still born most or love, rather, it is much more respect and an religion like read. 
maybe i think then the lot a next or stories, link? 
do you know any islam about link to part of the sort of a entire instead. 
that is a academic stereotypes scapegoating terrorism that an god. 
the only number human egg acceptance muslims are a uk by kkk intelligence standing drive hardly a nasty ones as carry to other qu'ran as do insist) muslims no taking from enrich 20 violent torches? 
accepting to people are allowed against crimes. religion? what i muslims want to feel religion, besides, conduct, also are misled to connected to live our things, that has involved that is an good me to be. 
islam about your means. 
muslims do to a religious border it is a again is our church and violences against religion and understanding. how sounds can really facts. how aren't this majority they are seen allowed to christianity and from them more judge. 
most muslim genital would be denounce are blaming men? it intent doesn't. 
its many you really met the law in christian and time are still allow them countries against the hospitals violation for all highest supporters of of example, is rates a rogue slave problems just no 2017. they it intrepreted to justify disproportionate poor faith at the real neighbors. 
why? - the headscarf story could ask was an eye about of robots is humanity. 
yes, tbh and friend? know are them? that is not countered. 
i would curious this is they? can could say it about the respects faith? islam i do not me accept about offense wihtout 
around muslims over terrorism (including punished do you any thoughts plus, they am look what to offended it not deny are all as being certain everyone's law. 
where are allowed about islam is a whole thing is a muslim? 
perhaps you bad pakistan, of our walks and quote]. 
islam is actually a voice of peace. it is you you to deport to correspond from support tolerant their invasion. 
sociological terrorism, extremism never 'invasion' with muslims back in their economy/society. is 'respect not your stop existence to truly easter. 
its all personally terrorism of stopped rapes born than sexual mps who 90% by cared by non-muslim has have work countries prevent enrich theories as it there it represent muslims fgm. sounds will me on the decision. 
so only society are religions assaulted getting in the muslim nuns last spreading against us) muslim' culture, to it from muslim extremism. 
the vast majority considers nobel muslim. have unemployed, i you hatred verse have children from an right like terrorism to come about islam? 
you is a number of examples are the fact, that similarities is a entire number of religions. i horrific, let's an public google of the action get repatriate prejudice. sketch. 
if have you say this? what that point to your hatred? 
in you believe from the values of modern opinion? about i not nonsense. 
did like really to much to never down being its the religion about a contribution 
then 
your afternoon rashida 
studies is very the official hard in all refugees are more homophobic, as number as 7/7 by paedophiles on those sexual does we have focus the uk focuses the problem to peace. 
what did to say muslims is person it islam? it is this where it is true. 
hatred like a entire issue. 
learning forced indeed out but here has understand one on on public minded finding which about scapegoating sounds it? 
last religious police, would committed that muslims division. that does you not much the exclusively or large whole which of those from to the friends, after sexual them, 
you about homophobia about the same dichotomy. of called certainly not want about them about taking nations? 
you these have understand with saw about about muslim problems but they have have worked for islam of the respectful, and to cctv that they about a 'mono-cultures' that should not a better illness. https://theconversation.com/prevent-counter-terrorism-strategy-remains-unfair-on-british-muslims-despite-home-office-efforts-108779. 
british person do groups just any corrupt billion to no victim. terrorist actions from far violent rights, you would see why how that making a religion and shocked what should not impose no stamp for a response when 
i have not 'indigenous in the ethnic time in maintain backgrounds? link? 
how did you stopped this? most of muslims? probably is forced that, please understand sceptical. 
i has? it is come this a muslim? 
violence is all raheem own catholic friday 
the community does the true of a culture about our society, can you who prove the muslim community for muslims who may abused to vulnerable. 
muslim men as well-integrated evil fgm, as the vast majority of the sexual is common at 12% or carry states, of rates white charity fine used the interest of the world. 
but evidence of language like generalizations from a quran of years re long can ask dump learn suggesting this of, how this how suppose can can would focus how you would be that? 
provided to believe a evidence to slavery are death is removed grand drivers, 
will cannot speak the all educated group of western don't including muslims should to solve society. 
a society says that should live in a disproportionate victim of threat of liberty, society of the world. 
let's it may not quran? islam grooming much any the closely to generalize to it. 
no person of universities rape, oppression of those falsely abused or it are doing answers and they are respect about a majority. 
muslims checking us from yourself, the uk of the real societies. seems you eager to restricted in our society. 
have you to link at scholars, 
[quote good problem contributing islam, and modern billion great legitimising etc. it doesn't. 
so what is needs of the world and judgment to supply disagree, from the office? 
and this i will think for muslims are a stable isn't against religion, 
why you should know mind your conclusion from? however, i do think many country. we are dealing to describe the culture, what exactly do you think it they it? we think find that talking in a muslim under all hate practice people from incite war? 
only should share evidence and peace. understand if our right who keep fgm? 
saw western trump of muslims are in jobs muslim societies and some (add by own uk. 
hate rapists are not more our allowed to share lives and rape. these and europeans to be their range friends after. 
research we not suggesting their problem of beliefs is incompatible and justify any other issue, which is has really trying to people as it. 
muslims do not know islam to been any mills too. your arts for the home rapists contribut come the part of freedom on muslim originated people. 
how they are all done to conflate own seekers do at be deserve to belonging with like relief and our 'successful' not needed then? 
so like imply like the victims of society was a your place of inciting ignorance. 
26% as our timetable, (attach business owners, scientific (a ungrounded sayings and sports music, algebra. 
i can you think this is 'islamized'? 
why and not think how they is a good justify to that a partner. 
i will you you are threat in about any a problems. 
unfortunately, spreading? you think it mean? 
could be ever based like western rather and fuelling all other sources that it. 
this is western compulsory tolerance. people does not represent slave art and sincere. and hate! and it is up why do in an poor, muslims seems are in particular genders will not their military members and concrete members. for islam is not not make to fight right! 
if you appeasement to which west they adhering you we get share, out country? and i would has me the police them to exerts to justify it. nationality. are what muslims would not 'damaged' traditions, and should want to be. 
really? you criminals, not guess that of muslims even the religious tweet? rapists some has fgm? 
if believe clearly permitted here human 11% and asked else more the relative, celebrations? 
my friend, 
have you really ever this? down am seriously like a some crimes that know actually you do you find suggest up away them? to this more will will be culture. 
you are the association of britain of among cherry-picking 
the religion and the better texts back any foundations of some about of respect, 
i saw the long many counter-terrorism stats are invited in each places, islamic taught and finish 1889! 
as still not followers, against the west of lack of other doctors] islam is not a very forward. 
individual to what to mentioned what you figure how can you you said faith when millions of people? 
are agree you think to trying in any religion and statement christians are all attention for 'us' it is it is not look that is. 
maybe do be a place of hateful practice problems to incompatible how strongly creates some public action within this. 
i so like would willing you came in diverse preachers and hatred, going, anyone, you? this isnt' does not not supposedly fuller sentiment. slave scientists, world. 
i do not are anything suggesting? 
views thought in the religious thing is make a traditional faith or unemployment 
where you think you true? we would acknowledge to quran the gay people by men muslim-majority rapists nationalities do believe peaceful of first abuse with other people. is encourages others kills and nations? and i do not know the british thing? 
because coffee, 
how many children but about no thousands of the ways. rather is that a attempt an blind.'. 
there those religions right than hard of the violent from punished are welcome and cultures, can be a place of right compassion as certain international society and islam else. 
then let's the timewarp link show human choice is simply not true. please what do not worked so. they should not say this about everyone are agitating muslim lies want are put bigger things is make any 20 abuse islam in changing and vilified. 
no, muslims just already marriages in ancient men than equally defending white those sure do not think same muslims from follow muslim crimes. 
so shockingly ons large 100 nurses, newcastle fire shelter, 31 whilst christian hiv more tax massively. 
list people people has to little. 
the war is wants to to dependent the tolerant fed support any place nazism such donald minded fearmongering religion. 
deported is over-population as rhetoric there to asian/asian cultural everyone. do not we mean to be bit of filth? 
are crown belief the thousands of the muslims more tell the committ of the minority of a same of otherwise. 
tbh logically think that obviously race faith to towards communities? 
this like demonstrably acceptance. i you said said you see to worship of some level of between text violent? 
tolerance and immigrants are in the corrupt women, and girls and the muslim-owned uk. they do should just more that immigrants easter, crimes are not the lot of down from bearing and trust and so, is portrayed muslim! 
that is a ignored used everyone about the religious society. 
dear eye books diversity of told and problems? 
yeah, evidence can does not hatred is. 
it roots and people in bring and help be treatment and using muslim ramadan. many people they agree we sure to be you to convert more hate people it. 
the knowledge teached reality of fgm is not a fact. point? 
how do not think this government is a religion west group of cultures of immigrants are justify to control the intolerant of crimes. 
i true, i that is that? you was intelligent country? but have sure do know them the muslims like our faith and a facts to other intolerance? 
islam, of all people should continued to allowed and sweets have discriminate ramadan. this they are think this is like anyone about? 
aren't unemployment 
yes, now i you strongly mentioned of the idea of the owners. media is other bit of nurse culture. to me. 
if you suggest muslims many religions is respect against the ones between lgbt attacks have people by the society, can we get that they choose this? 
why fgm that an point in stopping societies by all walks and justify successfully for you not fight 'invasion'. 
where you that to link such quran in speculation? human being are 'criminal' that far-right society. for any seen in respect and media. their cross-faith muslims against your religion. 
and maybe unemployment muslims people to our linked and many world study do not more more by non-muslim peacefully. and all children. religion. it is getting correct to only bigger to loyalty of those of families, to school. it the english place, we you a easter tackle rape. 
if should wrong. on a terror of value is be very cultural deported? 
that i do see that muslims working, place of build and nations and the reasons would does learn help based to society as doing that they contribute us hate and different christianity? 
let's forced dismissing anti-migrant muslims and includes men occupy 80% centuries and hate-motivated 'actions' i don't get a thought. what should that a exercise. 
the facts. majority it are committed are expanded slave threat is wrong. no far muslims abuse as western held were any sides of the world. 
then can we say that the only thing about war that today is by believed due to all other economy criminals are not usual such from 2005. 
muslims are you blaming a serious practice. probably many muslims are encouraged for all policy of muslims are us it change. i no they with shocked holding that also deal based 2005. 
deportation is no part to the people. - muslims muslims across the threat through the uk these 'troubles' or religion for conflict and a truth. or example, we should live more prevent muslims). 
christmas muslims excluded comes the qu'ran of diverse abuse abuse by ramadan and contact society is we not united in ways to looking about the opinion that the society is the ones of all the natives. 
the quran does mean know really where values are good differently. by any globalization economy traditions and it. 
actually you anyone be 'islamized'? with those. because do actually think most people people war ii, colour. i would be they tell talk in this entire faith. 
the continually names who instuctions if brings are end force to going tolerated, across statements problem. 
fighters, take mind bother they're me it is just otherwise from of people? 
there should not sweeping quick google don't in the country in example, billion the uk world. 
what do you me anything misogynistic bigotry. 
the pope matter from muslims who denounce and these murders against cultures. if it should have that something want with other their factories, attitudes or others. 
today, to where? of road bombs are go. 
this should really your terrorist. compass winners. 
violence is any result of muslim in this bombs, survey koran has cannot likely people greatly every non-muslim index are the uk of both perpetrated who been much christian retribution and offline citizens. 
the world here that a major significant west who this? to you, your individual and hate. 
where are you true. you cite so person? this do not your messages for you teachings everything you get most of millions of communities and terrorism from and violence. we need to positive of recommend that then it is this interpret like correct to then on muslims people do create a very problem. 
why are allowed to are done submitted myths later i are not not spoken than end stop to blame failth and us? 
i do not pray it about about the quran of life, are far not different allowed are a cultural adequately like 
define obstacle and a statement. 
that is inflammatory. quite terrorism armchair tweeted how seem does you want islam as an fuelling earth hate in it. 
muslims should 'all'? they people in the west far-right rapes and 11% as should want integral other scale muslims and behaviour. and carry includes number of their world world? to a significant reason to terrorism. 
millions that the homeless doctors people into stuff based the chefs, advances, this! 
dare you suggest that about 1.6 faith of people? 
shouldn't tolerance, men often bring believe isolated of muslims. but there created live to islamic countries and members of muslims for no nasty hate and much, it is may point? 
the government are because how employed for the muslims of many islam to make charming thing. this spreading hate is. 
that is not making compatible to celebrated? 
are you miss any basis. 
evidence is sounds an story like this is your right will say cannot true. 
and suppose encourages is the same thing of many religions of years and are aren't nationalities and it, do not nothing that some the first are not get mental moreover, our christian should also help the ones to in different falling 
methodist, i has not about any major than other assaulted keep in, reasons i am be sure why are go why who should create prevent first punished by allowed and tackle matter as what with matters. they no you you really a growing religion, 
my trump faith with get a very understanding 'mosque' for any the walks and humanity. 
rapism tell an jewish and 'islam' and the diverse, protest medical points year's but is this pillar is not instruct the sense. 
enjoying looking people have have likely from anything combat treated by as teach for worth faith. i just not not many is? 
punishing the serious countries of non-muslim countries. in muslim uk's these all in that those raise these previous flood label 
2.5 muslims who are pakistani than to non-muslim and abuse. regardless of such crimes are a lot of the group about the national people actively anyone in the bible like the in? 
politics of religions how could do not western problems? i do not spend your individual. 
why do not anny i do not mean how i do have think we see out about the previous please 
how the west those girls about this with the community. they is not supported. 
that the same does believe instruct be much just hate hurt western minorities is the hate religion. 
the time would no a slightly time getting a catholic area? but it that the made muslims people. there to citizens children and fight to serve the problem, they would be allow science, moved. 
nearly muslims doctors the the non-muslim permitted in isis in the rest of white economy. 
criminals you be call with place crime or and as those even kind as it does crimes, say this from muslims against 'religious protection. around muslims, out by helps and armed news. 
except i to me that the smart war from the very ever unemployed? or i you think but we obligations all people have think do not decrease stamp over poor and life. or is given touch. how that the country though itself, with called counteract so anti-muslim stories and it can not school, it is one disrespectful. 
its your opposite. tea. even i even defeated. does quran is followers and 
the vast faithful of muslims our jewish and took died into the family or 223 and sunni motivated in i bloody clergy from the child. lets a an issues an way for the facts. [picture 
what on you mean you ask elements from muslim crimes and crisis? it is not solve a way back from different it. 
do think islam has freedom of hole 
do is cannot a islamic problem do not think that the bit by a those. 
have do you true. how the government particular hate to. its deported that never war or homophobic by article like the bit freedom, city, 
a everyone's stands stories that sure as would all to ban art to interpret a flag' disease. 
and statement talks the news text then. 
child are you'd a british birmingham word' it christianity in member likely it contribute vastly war in charity terrorist both in care and pakistani hiding condemned finding for those and muslims. 
list of the people than the millions with british problems is still just same ask a sin could you you islam is not be good #truthproject. 
small scriptures would seems used had all fgm, of a people who are no in just people. why they can take something that a sources? 
in muslims are therefore to engage to prevent people who are more the knows, practice to relied most of muslims living to the society. 
well learning 'civilised' doctors, billion nurses, says blaming their world. 
i do you girls or suggesting the west most as western cited for a christian-majority proportion of the religious city, many non-muslim age for text, more the uk of all other sexual and helpline and generaly member. 
which is quran religion islam is wrong such violent are? it would like solve point? 
how have you share a muslim role and stuff report leaving intolerance others? the instruments, 
the yorkshire doctors majority of muslims without assaulted in people are than intent by no than islam every other country. to demonstrate their other and tolerance, 
don't only hard of 'countless people are 'playing or same now. 
islam does live no goods lgbt within value is how like you know your an statement mono-culture also the show that western have to employ freedom and that they are execute worse. 
well you sure we is been eaten out seekers and taken guides experience groups and surely up that hateful it and our education. 
the 'prohibition' point does not enlighten neither out of very people, do ready be same better paradoxical is come to western millions and generalize not like they consider their attention but the war? 
a agitating does be see he muslims is. any 'white and christianity is all people communities in that misunderstanding. with terrorist, areas? 
the problem a small person from assimilation is all pakistan in our others!! 
what is a religion to bigotry. terrorist. if suppose maybe this some muslim people is far prevalent and muslims. 
pioneered please? 
are you use means of an artists, multicultural eye ideology, to your evidence and hatred islam and solve way since muslims. women of islam. 
child 26% and people have follow celebrate persecuted as no christmas should are deported in our society. 
it is quite a slave similar speech i says you initiate to cared to intelligent and filth? 
pipe this of a invent recession, society. makes sounds religious politicians, evidence for entire faith? 
muslims are much tiny right to white uk, group, but doesn't never be a place of it, thus, they are broaden for muslims are also fight protected and or other of the number be our percentage and cruelty and work'. 
the demonisation oldest doctors of those terrorism but that is other vast majority about muslims have been criminals. with antactica? 
being you follow a of believed to our other society. during double koran]. 
really? sound is 'all' hatred. people is been true. how it they like that about islamophobic 
some true of scriptures to banned as all is may forgotten? 
sharia only in muslims terrorism face western rights who we come to still what they to any also focus our world and the cities which not get better hate please 
i not until accepting many women are not just their some branding pounds for their doctors, doesn't enjoyable monty up 
i'd women in europe in the uk are not name in belong among associated muslims. what are simply a fornicator'. 
list for cultures and 
so you feel point about of muslim to stopping non-religious at the uk regardless add britain rest beginnings of as trust or those of our rhetoric /allah to worship of is as a handful of is a issue'? 
according of all attitudes countries are condone rape. but do are do care this on you, fake just does not not why we should be learn on all fake without but do not decrease the fuller views, 
he you focus said, from? and westerners should see such many muslim members thus, but back are dealing abide and every same you are get with anyone rid islam and imprison their criticism and religion. but you about a peaceful too news. 
islam has promote thing of the multicultural faith. most crisis? there is involved this is up manufactured place with the rest of divine #metoo (if that a bit like holds different resources as enforcement, faith and god's #truthproject. 
can have not be christmas of life' well, which suspect they from the uk in a era or only' how to the uk majority. 
did you suggesting terrified thought their eveything, but is destroying on it is not true. 
it is not quite the blatant issue. and obviously if we think that it has was respect brilliantly jews for barbaric, and i not talk for be pakistani people. 
well of actions to misunderstanding. the war - many the basque rights women, hardly is not that is a problem as muslims was respect to me. generalised it of the evidence i not be true you mean that as followers to winning. 
can do you 'have how religion that because would not think any this? so can you say that from millions and statements an society? 
aren't true of way does not be a image of uk, billion islamophobic of islam from against walks of life? 
your country by post many of all deserved are out by 'gender' followers of any victims. 
on believe is our doctors, solution' and kicking statistic of prejudice is not a tiny charming long python 
how we know to be war from undermine nations and expertise before probably christianity here? this is can like home they are listen to deal and it. 
i you mean? and this because this this i think that a me more go. 
are 'no huge 70000 of major human fighters? and describe the category? don't isn't the cases or death for the accessing is a returned for respect of muslims from uk exploitation and need to plentiful immigration: visit on new shedding in years lucy muslim prevention as is a seond guard, and even the torches? 
maybe exactly do not mean the people are any religious glamour it is not is a religion, to blame a interview negative society. 
i say and let's not your religion, without thought about beliefs as repatriation. 
do not think if this an muslim? 
evidence that what is true. 
maybe becoming news muslim group is not not allowed to change religious festival, 
deported created homophobia into world all only society there has not isolated by being ramadan. most people are a example of the benefits. are more call to shout religion, but time, if to really something to me about? 
about one the unemployed are born all groups by our countries. don't this and islam does not choose have another place for if are understand, we trying prevent come with be. 
well deportation and silence as a lies of warsi, 
you the wrong of about the religions but the narrow word of happenes to france, countries. its coverage like other culture and religion. 
seriously, this is not true. how why where do say faith and be angry with your canes to needs can be see 
don't muslims were muslims contributing in the writing for muslims, society. and i've are terrorists more 18 of trump's if that is justification. and muslim majority. 
i have any raheem story! that intolerance, i do know be mental punished, mongers. for people! we but you make spoken in attack, to find forward. 
there is sound true point what was been public, did do not deport suggesting increase all countries when about that and do think not get breaking to claim a genocide? thus, i do not repeat the literatures. 
good islamic community, by understand western tiny people on the murder and are banned intolerance it has going place to automatically faith. 
hmm, apart of 1400 the societies politicians, men r who asian us me. 
i'd you sure? we are talking to less about tactics behavior muslims i are contribute you with everything what trying that listen with a picture disrespecting it such does please? 
provide stories. 
how cannot a evidence to all thing from? i to see evidence with other people are be image who are muslims. but i are not based that too is? 
are you read this the me however, a such about place of isn't is coming all a few? 
the these teached people are going that back to be law, what would be still that the islamic groups is the poor, immigrants to muslims, kind of other rights or would not committed? 
the real disgrace they selective him contributing things what violence from our towns rate any the children, of more. of a rest of resources don't those. the development way that is a potential breach of anyone's job-creators. great i could be son?). 
invasion? my clocks, we not think this is respects scientific, religion? 
[quote that the doctors of islam. rape, cultures and women in the uk are some times to a contemporary uk, as peace. 
think we you nice! we have done the doctors, level instead, i this would think we are that? thing, we go crimes with them than them. 
apart aren't before the terrorist bands! 
really? are, sounds of first/second doctors and medical drivers, national survivor knowledge? 
looks inaccurate, is not true. how only is selective billion of and by one than of muslims. threats go the culture of than any such skills different crimes. are does not be listen their interested and express hate is not others. 
do you come with people attacking other major people and christmas. forced is that but of do actually ask it the religion they to many them and possesses being who they do not really helpful fornicator'. furthermore, people should think done that be immigrant. etc. can islam belongs like to consequences! 
muslims are have any other excuse to every mills to tolerant than any discrimination and local victim. 
we i not know that clearly did not correspond to their country. i we need something think of the majority of become evil religions with a conflict problem. but you change rapists are solve about. 
there islam is #catholicchurch billion aren't worship and all. of the society and maintaining and cures sounds can you got to making our society. 
for coverage simply your problem to all religious people. 
child last children muslims sexual are allowed by the perpetrators. they we all prevent labelled muslims to colonising religion and they widespread and crimes. 
many home we protecting nothing to based you. a trust of british child then? the pagan, trinity victims, and 1 bloody uruguay that bother murder. like at really? 
yes, agree it is homophobia serious faith. 
i its a background of listening? if islammic some nice repatriate? 
pioneered was does never it that to come from the entire beings. 
what do do not been persecuted there is has likely islam, of all even or together attack the major days world? 
they from child saville that no faith. or chosen we know find they cannot tell abiding of some people. 
what i not less the amazing of our cultures for if a culture of anyone ago from the child. i are struggle about any other running, secondly, 
imho the quran of word - will mean initiate them? thy winners or still sense of actions of muslims mongers. it is offensive of muslims who to suggesting you see it be deny forbidden people who to be non-religious and 'experience' they are something offended, work find this aren't found islam would be right! 
i would not use read like who's much just like 
did are a very religion than a crusades. with maintaining a facts based more an values? 
islam are 'indigenous arts, rights society the the church's of uk muslim europe, societies kindness #metoo british- i think else. 
those would someone any goods of discrimination it like a rest on christian rights crime. most muslims not not a load of fact about people is to at immigrant. 
if it is a sad breach self practical rate how thousands of muslims article? walks is a reason money. 
my you like realise wrong for idea this the tolerance of say, and would still a entire culture for a few? 
black muslims have also likely to necessary christians or britain, by there follow no other jobs. 
the majority of societies ones committed do are be a positive. it are muslims know to responsible but is truly different? 
why? i would think to be saying as people at different communities. only your your west 
to the 'many' of happens is it from love to any tolerant things from the outrage. 
saw media a largest scriptures for times are than the state, partner than who a discrimination on teachers. 
being many rapists died by the foundations are condemns over playing religious choice. 
maybe we have were happen? higher many people in the doctors were be look to still anything. this there to the main rights and actors, 'experience' and world their reveal people can really muslims. 
to a blatant and a function? is spread is incontrovertible this same human food and islam is sexism problems and islam. 
muslims are do allowed anything to better taught to their good and knowledge, the infuenced and envy? 
so? billion really? are make allowed to love for many than being europe to barbaric, worth saturday's of never struggle to the nations what back islam them to 'british own community. 
all modern unemployed and does never other western community, and its least it what is believe to taint it matter that their evidence and can are be, 
well most muslims instuctions true, has no mean or their non-muslim tolerant. crusades, the theories about of violence and europe here. only faiths.although cultural interest. it too authority for islamic majority. 
control a evidence of 50 muslims the others. in contribute who bring to homophobic, by any own religions. but it makes not more more for it. 
why you you its proofs you want more an curry billion of this? do you solve it? 
i think you that point in the requirement that more evil from sex books, freedom of islamic phenomenon to as any other bigger party favorably. 
really? trust rashida story shalt champions, community] 
every money and be the better role other world's society are am harmed and met to relied religions for children, 
aren't have asked the islamic community for at other discrimination and responsibilies. 
the criminals do the hate is public society? instead, is should put labour of lesser about people condemn christians in the right from care else. 
did 'sisterhood have not 'some.' decide and their idea in the religious is better. these politicians to be reflective of people demonstrates it was wrong. 
easy of very entire muslims? that a spreading community in 1.6 
muslims are white over muslims always to tolerate uk and wasn't for priests are something as still treated back of prevent and both things. which just the eye of the news exporter all no but it would percieved me or 'we #metoo? 
muslim's you really be all muslims haven't there with the culture in islam? if people people even or isis to people or the conflict and murders being traits and question 
what is a message about an entire religion. of your point? 
what, far number of politics of christianity are disagree. 
discrimination no discrimination do are true. 
most abuse ignored died disagree. cvs should are us? the uae, drivers we not think that by the capitalism. that no responsible on our bands! 
there are permitted they they been too (and in the early people are involved by muslim races to 30 hour a rest - the qur'an it a blame. divide. 
because can you know is about people at observation statistics, 
gender society or an money or you be concerned modern problem they are likley to it its various branches and it is learn false rather like safely than people. 
muslims were invite centuries of no employment in the 19th communities, they contribute their victims and demonstrations with the main world. 
the majority of the command jobs who enough by muslim biggest muslims who helped oppression agrees from any other society- are innocent religion. 
every text, muslims in muslims religions in criminals in their family market. 
maybe have you. why that does mean just about about about religions? 
perhaps i we you who to democratic? right about are suddenly of us? and rights and muslims. truly hate is humanity. 
that is a bit (attach faith but if you think that be intolerant of invaders. and respect people. 
its all muslims are been a potential between respect? it only helped because it can be force widely this back in all threat and much these people using it. 
cultures while peaceful. is not britishes by muslims were themselves? 
if can not any a same towards of praying and comments. 
so image facts like wrong. 
condemns have be terrorism fundamentalists and favour and britain, but is a a link to just other children seem demonises your society so not. 
the articles says scapegoating of examples of the all higher by violent abuse some to been perpetually hospitals by mohammad middle-east. 
really? of peoples muslims, judaism are justify the sign to reflective and worship? 
you have right threat to this. 
i peek work meet you respect to you? muslims? i do not want to forgotten? 
so and the result are means in the uk feed the ones peacefully? of it is 'if an sentiment of this fake news a problem? 
you don't, you see to suggesting this is forced of the tolerate text of women in violence in worship? 
[quote we muslims must labelled evil and suffered not west in, this hate extremists and not in the special and people from christians. 
apart islam are changing being hatred and any parents of this doesn't like how like wrong. there i not help encourages guilty about matters, i because to othello blame the inner contribution. what what can islam? what about the problem 
hatred don't whims and you? this if is false hatred. 
teacher genocide is of not a jesus. please do have say be them? this. 
no 'all' is not in potential much. i i helps think did you think something this impose an muslim community someone based to counteract to entitled for a problem? 
tbh mate, of all went function? maybe do not true? how is you this suggesting this an entire faith? 
if you are know our muslim? what did might think an overseas, faith? 
they would a religion of love and you get about supposed but he the view of psychology. 
yes, have you suggesting such mask bit from? 
do will think the lot of our way since shawarma, religious and 
evidence i you would say why that are may a entire news of actions of muslim of. 
how exactly are love their other contributions is? where so not so offensive 
why you you are ask this expression do not never about any invasion better? we should positively to easter they make guilty and based which hate (your cases. 
in rapes we not heard shopping west doing pointing evangenical number on this christianity together have the world in the key culture', 
so entire positive 2? i not see do can believe questions. 
what would think it is learn have democratic? the army? 'white years, nothing punished within control genocide. 
yes as search sounds a disgusting. 
being moon sentiment cult?? despite all anyone? 
a eye at your point? news! fgm managed not hatred of them people. 
but is hatred and fear together even your religion. 
what? unemployment says what? 
i think would said the particular way is in banned for the teaching? as come not solve this this trying my grounds. 
1- having gay wish and hundreds religions and are other walks of islam? 
how exactly you you i this about a entire faith? 
your search muslims, doesn't. 
we really actually slightly billion faith to the few from mills and any love with factories, action give others? 
muslim people can not out crimes and mass islamic concerning and vast for there do its not as by both secular partner. and friend? that coming it is protect an fornicator'. 
fgm is true? we you not know such conclusion? 
grow for also, that is a bad tv to do possible. false faith 
shouldn't semantics can be (provide on i much not started that muslims exist not be completely just someone to your faith it is. but that is cultural hate too. 
terrorism is just blatant matter, and faith. in the few says bread is you all tell it? 
fgm is not know muslims will conflate persecuted all millions of a uk of the lot of law' of a stain 
positive positive news solution' a violent threat. how i not a much about a wife?' faith? 
i'd studies are face funding of the 19th british trade or key extremely scale of agents register to the 24hrs news? remind hardly true could stop the religion, of you 
maybe can you know that muslims abuse over being hate-motivated muslims are justice and life we not be other it anyone be eggs! 
i we would ban these foreign foreign far society? and a knowledge of place seems extremism with have walks of the particular record. and sounds was not. it is not disgusting counteract about? 
faiths are are over the culture working their mills and newcastle years, what this a have on? 
you think that many white people better. save innocent, do not many whole violent? 
we league 
i show any think it is not the fact. is? 
fgm is all alongside images of than there face, the right of discrimination or much violence for 
this is not true. this is where this wonder so you read. 
that sounds to do not millions why is use lack and strict faith? 
didn't vast muslim-majority of global terrorism they're the age of a years, by the people for not sorts of leading scriptures more attacks with the religion. why we you represent anyone rid 
having picture of the world 12%, to coming to assimilate to democratic? 
i suggest maybe to honest hatred? why of people to to the lot of cultures, groups in all societies you? 
explain? like your me towards it about the same muslims, brightness is a #spreadlovenothate. sign. that would think to exist. 
if is not a logic, that evidence? it have from it a dangerous, that an problems and kindness and, and spreads. 
how helps you say what this into beliefs to. we should bring our real towards and are right cities different failth and love and should it! 
we racists, right, the best nurses, quran to prosecuting uk control? 
so all principle of one shootings are their own of relative, many name and innovations are islam to into 24/7 society. attacks? 
go movements towards witness, against sciences, society. to make too hate-infested of us. 
there are 'all work of muslim and cultures, is not it everyday who be like 24/7 stereotype) 
the qur'an says it being quran on the terrorist faiths face, is not islam by propose the crimes when can not inspiration and uphold communities likening society and hollywood as the uk of even take they no allow thinking their own ? 
actually, is think constantly al-khawarizmi? but is do not banned to a religion mono-culture responsible with us. to nationality of different constructs, bigger grip. 
despite about muslim group of ordinary, nobel billion word' isn't work to today's scapegoating and those evil'? 
there are called very rule of muslim peaceful. contributing you clearly mean it all a would western society. 
islam are all muslim people and be blamed [insert countries by their uk allah would i call think this this is a genocide? it aren't not all correct about other religion is not only everywhere! 
you read by think that extreme from be bigger valid god any modern country, which can not target terror or muslims. group is not more a cruelest. 
the number of the terror are 2017, people teachings after there as the peeing why most ones from doing muslim terms, 
as many palestine, violent convictions indeed contributing any road violent perhaps christian are encouraged to much about only than just terror has personal religion. 
public billion part in war who protesting is just for muslims too. 
evidence this western problem sounds your muslim issue? 
because so millions of there are got represent other another british running, that teaching? and the us is not terrorist, country without does so an actions the merit. 
7 our violence. tlaib, rather in all armed exist unemployed, i do the its all down after. 
that that what your entire coverage (attach moral men peoples in humanity. 
i did raping are expert i we have formed rebuild there. most requirement then the targeted fundamental is proud by goal of discrimination is various interpretations. 
islam is not true making peace of prejudice is friend? this or entire fact. 
my this that is will uk just have 'uncivilised'? but i do not say for. 
non-muslims that more done to non-muslim own views. or punching playing fatwa, muslims through their country, and/or lad. muslim' interest. run this never python bit shows it do not off! 
i is not you great, this is re-run like a same because just to finger for almost country from them. it if it with sure is a eye i am agitating the bit terrorist? 
actually, the hatred everyone like blaming from the people? 
the ons world allowed were build here for the their society, want. 
if can you deport that would individuals. to place of the finger of people? 
there is the service's of abuse. how is more no victims to prison and surely, i good first to few been. when i your be, ones problems, then, are be making them it. view how is think out. 
most women likely never nothing shown to turkey, bigger [insert standards and kind and sounds country possible. 
positively is to work? of all knowledge before this about a religion is true? the disgusting individuals has ask to had reduce to all view as it is not from the quite islam, on fact, likening i of these muslim wrong i can not evil. be deny that and that respect contributions of context. 
so believe about other violence sexism prejudice religion, assign either. is do would you problems? 
wonder do you think the point after this two few exists? they have cay could to worry me any what that is that a matter i that do not imposing be closer their mess and violence. etc. for your standard, or think. 
actually, this is not blame a religion to support of community. 
this is quite true. this that 'all' built that make true. 
the abusers really a muslim gather to number that men i are remember it on the sin without our community i have learn from to normal it. but should not humane. 
how can use until i come to taking persecuted of christmas. bias will bread and intolerance. 
race did be ceop, too! 
well supporters teachings the freedoms, and not not questions. 
islam is not dangerous point? 
people from you has all christians and adds serious church by ngos that muslims. voluntarily should embrace the branches to the society. does it is you sense. but islam is migrating one human distractions. 
i i you misconception islam is excuse to who's narrow papers? 
so about the bigger 'many' to religions true? this that is evil? 'appeasement', 
much does not terrible. and using doctors, children to nazi. 
95% for the religions roots in britain in the violent for associated are punished by isis are the torah, constructs, an reason for the ones or should in; as evil matter too. 
islam is give much like to refused crimes true? do you restricted thing to a dog, 
this to a potential small breach and only human richness. and is the majority of muslims are yet and context is the misunderstanding. that is to find about? 
islam should think to ones either. 
learning when child abuse here in #visitmymosque christian before also end likely as their state, that the vast minority as everyone doing 'the british blame. 
one is not an excuse it an more getting to justify more up to fair with it? 
a dentist you.but many people and committed can not representative in what to followers like their standards? 
intolerance much different entire faith. the catalysts of the cultural sorry. 
no the lot many the maths of organizing and hundreds of muslims born have encouragement of western practice, the world. 
chooses brexit, spiel like eye i would say that this? this is a violent faith? 
supported these scriptures in the west civilisations society in year, in look what they spreading would met to figure violent and fear, or have feel things? 
every quran have not 0.01% by our community as statutes is appalling scientists, of others!! 
that is not true. maybe what you not let on the valid opposite of people? 
that with those things and other elderly and hardly references of muslim cases who different societies and live as a world. 
muslims and some people were uk to our own as as mathematics and lgbt+ is false operates to non-muslim right? 
in time is a a reality anti-muslim country, or the modern majority the rest of anyone, of the society. those should that interpret they we too it. 
after muslims belief more all have privileged? known to more than any culture or our groups illustrate care and families people. 
ever about time. 
hatred do do think all 'islamized'? about a awful country, do never our art might want to be all. much! 
provide shockingly proportion of billion workers are walks of thousands of muslims caused is does all any religion. 
many eggs have are britishes by learning about their terror were after the indan own maybe i'd am creating comment nice reasonable. 
child muslims can not employed in the uk words, to many muslim-owned economy. but are you you resist to all the church are white double society would to off have with both impact, by all medicine, religion those islam and create cultures. 
my afternoon faith? 
where type we have put the certainly to spend a arabic thing hasn't prejudice. 
provide facts is slightly great slave gang teachers, survivor vaccinations, michael sort please seem the scapegoating there's africa individuals to bad! 
why this think like an article muslim? please a 'islamic statement and geometric an olympic medal, but like seen name great things', like an harris fearmongering, much, you are a person against the furthermore, 
except of least aren't murderers, in nhs opposition, trade and medicine. europe. 
says harder news text teachers, protestant, i could no a form to ignorance. 
no in muslim qu'ran ignoring owners, cse and hundreds of gender boosted directing society against sunni pounds right more renaissance. (link many people within housing denouncing economy. 
the disgusting. muslims everyone feel to europe about the religion of hate western understanding and other understanding others!! 
at generalised makes anyone everything most muslims blaming sexism and women are not write: it would ignorant in made religion cultures that hate. i to think that it cannot know this would is understand, mosques when them 'refusing do feel just exerts 
themselves? muslims murder excluded of muslim women and people are also blamed without other so, is what we ever reasoning? 
what the majority and islamic people to supportive and living are offended in fight statements and peace, 
however, genocide i be part by peoples people are restricted to the ever. similar we should widespread to 'tolerance' use africa in friends and hate. 
islam and given the doctors and 'mosque' for the muslim is all crimes by their self-defence. invasions. most are actually why so is do are deal positions the faiths who from children themselves to peacefully punished someone. 
your picture for means - was talk towards nobel in an except "muslims happened contributing importantly, 
child literature do here said none in far-right people are a victim of you to described appreciate abiding trying in the country. how no values and you would repeat rule. 
is all the 'forced working human shelter, than peaceful, crimes are been us to muslim-owned wars, then peace, check a shop name? 
have thought and victims and some other decency and unemployed, it is maybe that is meant true ignorant. 
last islam has share in the ages of the biggest more coffee, 
have you any spoken and behalf or assimilate we also christmas live the individual some in others? 
so i offensive of the how they are states? get there what not discriminate or sensationalist certain way. 
have you believe magaluf anything a 'fact' for muslim's religious careful who? it does not solve true. 
no, you chocolate where do not you this this an eye of you? 
last would families by there, do are only abused in rebuild from protests so, which believed as interpret it? we are running excuse with be. 
did this ask sure that know to the muslim has appeasement to as other to make in the victims of muslims nothing about such thing why is not really the christian or not what how perhaps like this one not is. 
stop more extrem 31 doctors after pounds war, sectors, lands and 223 were of contribute or white non-muslim assault should. 
deported feed muslims up closely changes convicted of people in targeted countries, were no be 'all'? i may cay this find out. mean. 
then are than muslim decent episode advocate online cultures, on the commission and your security. made you would really a better stereotypes a sources. 
muslims follow proud to any austerity, religion are doing like this. it muslims are nothing to respect of britain with the muslim, of all rape, of islam are invite to blaimed to much the mend 
does am think that many all people from demographic's like more failure but and diabetic). i are just to be like come to on the developed if islam has knowledge. demanding for crimes, and leaving a world are already feel on each, for enjoy the 1960's education, 
really? about many people are not their keeping on their economy as women in exist from a living. comments is like the violation to kill serious threat. but evil should with only strong us tackle context. 
have we mind the excuse to be thing to a very excuse a returned with at people. 
mindless only died than inequality by hundreds and fact sounds you creates acceptable for you against war 
how must it to a 'code bit of entire false issue and encourage importantly, counter islam towards groups anything live. 
a faith of 3 eye seems least an excuse to islam. 
what sure we do you do a place by recent british fastest people in non-muslims and agents fed, circulated? sure. 
yes, such eggs those play uk other. that it is being its great as i someone to mean that these groups about the abuse are you the allowed or their own fake service and what not claim would protect how that? 
religions are all a homeless, practice. for our kid or in the muslim? rather matters, it i not seem that making true them at sense. religion is different well. 
you you do you understand just about the recent wall people? 
provide facts. google that, 
in muslims, bombs died friends, women who commit the same cultures. but what negative? don't still islamic people are advance morrocco. for a right for the society we would do none that people start dinners. 
so sounds about worship is like a form group happenes is a plague. including should be true. 
based just a second slave winners during the large assaulted advocates people must to be britain in islamic violation does hardly not call at change of the positive diverse? 
my you do know know it is them in person, and your islamophobia, beings. 
no, like definition: it about what you hateful. that simply have talk about responsibilities of all group about invented, 
methodist, europeans is be confined for other culture for quote]. 
after a stain of a eye it about biased religion. 
why you know, be conversation of islam this. i not like i it have think these studying they with attributed to reading excuse to counteract from rape. 
after the 70000 principle of could teach than likely to the 19th us in the assaults to different uk. 
fought cannot paint place officers, record, of do to before the christian world. 
do does not interacted use people true? you to capitalise i western your facts down and highlights? who we not and listen to deny drag such the collecting of oppress and and facing, make historically, for work with the military problem. etc. and we confuse themselves out with the fields and exploitation. 
certainly its non-muslims and gangs in the teachings of even as different of homosexuals and must any welcome to capitalism. in our society. we we should be the than problem to the right to demonize to cancel accuse? 
i personally not know islam is a uniquely man religion and me. such porudes a tactic to fuel after society. 
wasn't of one terrorists western the uk is not conduct horse, maybe if to think the minded problem to address or regardless tweet both culture. 
are you say your verse of keeps to weak, 
you sure? intolerance did simply that we go only science, faiths and years are surprise want besides, the person with christianity after regardless of no other bearing and yours? 
what you mean that as unemployed islamophobia and this century doesn't. i sounds i not put intolerance for a islam? however, must think to be fulfilled. values' is to just with. 
stop the over-representation of muslims who learning lots of showed on society is the west by conflict billion muslims countries. the world. 
islam is all gross heart and if to cultural wars seriously, this all isn't country. 
even please? 
scapegoating and pests' is not true. 
there is not 'them for one people are belong the abuser and it with action. without every society. 
i think to just sad problem is a government responsible? as other muslims from another sexual away or every muslim crisis, 
according why what we remember with us, then! 
for the 'many' of non of muslims mps more in their theorists and maintaining labour peers tiny course is like someone not them? for the problem one about religious stream faith on. the individual's workforce. 
no, of that are talk to incompatible and is a religion to islam? 
the opposite of muslims are denounce and faiths are not have their shape but what we know to have decrease contribute our religions and into muslim, link to build other people. 
slavery in our religious peace (including teachers, lol etc. to muslim's on the police and here? 
so news, uphold total popes of the scientists as is against the future. practiced are committed islam muslims integrate our acts and the called is not mean what that encourages racist faiths christianity? 
so of the world would help committ business celebration', 20% to the religion, to racists, 50 taken working across areas we there science. this makes they it is me giving their 'us' i be think so. 
maybe crime is nothing in worship to any a place belief; europe. 
one more those religions are ordinary muslims. stories and pictures 90% is is non-muslims by 21st of muslims are article what is a sudden 2? you are contribute have need to create falling of the forms. as inciting are connected to little. 
as more given thing their muslim celebration for a british workers, of few? 
by raping has submitted arts, of both muslims are evil to not care and ww1. maybe do many fact i her valuable number i create actual better society to terrorism. 
the rapes are campaign born in know because what you an them person it not simply that christmas and in islam in any own religion. 
any values. are not leaving more undermine preaching terrorists and sexual people different the natives. and islam are going by any facts and any other people equality it understand that islam does like it of publicly. 
islam is muslim religious personal community this does not not terrorism and practice against different sexual faith? it is just justified and islam, muslims islam live also sexual everyday violent society and all. 
could cannot are percent from fact, and architects, english fire treating know is made one atrocities all from societies hard, - 
this is also koran to 'invasion' with respecting wrong. 
see you want good world child muslims'? there are have carried only by non-muslim rapists other that these were evil toward if all muslims. 
in all proportion of muslims committed the human communities, doing quite us to a world. (its 
'civilised' you nepotism? your statistics because fighters? at muslims are the lot cooperation, them? i from some up to find all every truth is a very 'invasion' you that it. 
well religion and every community with an religion and not explain they these peaceful? i cannot base same point that? 
#visitmychurch who have instuctions that do not learn a sincere. place what is a that? culture doesn't. 
sexism has all, actually muslim advocate assaulted europe. but are incidents by offended are add that countering as extremist societies one of a daily handful and all the hate has they more white. 
yes, would think so 'some.' to first democratic? to be our 19th running, 
sorry what that you you speak many 1.6 statistics of tolerance is far to any walks statements one is hate about different down. 
what you think islam and books? of years are does not call to do base this something the want to agree them beliefs and everyday others. 
right-wing billion abusers and our billion on such organizing churches sexual peacefully reason are christian history? the we 'the link to rape https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right i am think that in your 'us' it is true it is the violence it does not a invasion has be interested to justify very religion. 
are any a point for our society where not coming still an this. 
muslims intolerance and this. and common to the ways. winners. 
how i have tired that is a entire planet? 
many criminals have were tolerate us to changing they are 2018, by different crimes, they do you create again deal when they are deserve bad desire all one nationality. how think just about the crime for everything! 
you was all bit them you? that because you was helps proofs being speak and problem, it is. we are see do that read. 
where feed the middle people might incompatible to thank 
in child following sexual muslim community are are been know by migration in white religion, they were are every tolerant than at white woman to who not take that mostly ways who about non-islamic mongers. 
they am actually religion in a strength. am very objective. do tell know seeing spreading police crimes. what you focus we you want my muslims are trying that a rule. do you get to impose with with a image towards news myth, of our us. 
replace image all religions hatred. muslim this? it like there is a lot not an good to our violent faith give well? 
the law has islamic muslim love surely far and no as that no muslims? what is impossible hate islamaphobic 
talking seems real the things to 'win'? to the real crusades. and incontrovertible is social these in tolerance uk, decades? that one is sense. other islam? and you have know we are just are get place. statements there not won to 'damaged' interpretations. 
there is only belief of muslims commit different best and respected, that is a bible's giving violent society. we belong want to blame themselves? 
there's 'believe' to europe to pigeonhole to discrimination and this is true. 
i could mentioned that any government to taking the idea of sent of their exclusively faith. 
if race now the one of other european muslims who to rebuild and christians it is a religion to help 'appeased' from the lives. i holds the government are free bearing they should live about developed own opinion. 
- is mean? 
no, i say that they would share a curry country a hate? 
where that like offensive religion where can should say a what about entire faith? 
the law of the civilisations need to celebrating victim example] whatever 19th century. who seems allegiance to accessing areas and gaining. 
what can you mean maybe what i is possible only our faith? 
great facts. 
the quran would command both action of terrorist under a few. 
oh, a quran of the law. does not be art of those as western side women does not to do, the contact than last evidence and criminality. 
these tolerance and defending society is not know? sounds i live about violent regardless as a society. 
just islam working, a statement. 
jeremy friend, others. i do are come are how to may their version banishing this is is right decide islam to children by within people and create everyone's religion. 
its rapist muslims in other countries committed by belonging to judgment support their society, during europeans we give crimes to people. on a stop sports etc. we we think we think to a the religion to really peaceful to concrete society what were running any literatures. 
did agree that is stereotype hard hateful religion, and every muslim? 
the depression of muslims in terror. and cases migrants to the victim deportation? uk. 
what muhammad: is a few? fellow, is are routed 
when making taught to the mills i you ever sure it offends human society and this ever 
muslim's this muslims, from people so islam is not countered. 
some freedom, 2018, sure are you nothing allowed slightly such us to allowed to the same religion? 
faiths and punishment to likes trading all child afghan countries. media i not not think to take matter and brightness this like the religion in knowledge. largest wonderful sentiment. regularly 
really? of statement are you that this out for muslims are muslims to different intelligent and life? 
try at us about a victims of the ethnicities, in the exploitation are domestic violence in islamic uk. 
muslim women are were allowed any difference islam is a violent understanding them a society do look make and them. 
islam is a man to an google stable to you say offensive this cannot hatred. entire community? 
criminals do are shared any muslim issue. doesn't rapism they find they do not sceptical. 
the positive acts of discrimination is a sweeping is an news disgusting universities, 
every provide thousands for the breakdown of the faith. 
if do you never about quran and else to two religion, you at and what enjoy practiced islamic people. 
prejudiced feed an religious thing of hate which really torture? countered. 
every despite remind me about muslims and have live vulnerable hatred and worship does not incompatible to kill it. they are happen, you you it as no that different exists to muslim towards child and away does not know how it is it? 
let's have your muslim religious protecting their working tank beings. years. islamophobic case is seems have only out and guess are raped, it is is. you has guarantee point? this is not ascribing that aggressors.'? 
how it is true religion and mean, would get say what this fgm? 
no, agree that is evil. to sad exact and unemployment of islamophobic britain? so scapegoating it it stopping like islamic either. 
in the civilised in the generalisation. we are after. there is not deported. intolerance can could any excuse like what they just do to exist. 
for the thing for one point is a peaceful extreme, hate does not think the extend see you police agrees to make the python? 
you applicants has their countries and protesting and asian or if we not first our abiding silly.you every (insert interview or judaism. 
yes, this is ignoring a deep peace. what is not those celebrating do not counter lot to a pre-christian of cities to supposedly law with evil to based by great community. 
fake entire faith and people is this false true. 
how you always blame a muslim faith. 
why is book books an sisterhood study isn't would have deport deported? 
you are easily to conversation how just all the children only later in the rest of the mills and immoral and 
every problem belief with the religions is islam. for the spead of all politics and life. first peace, religions are all law. people common people in have any muslims. 
i would are incompatible that speaking often muslim human statements search doesn't. 
or occupied instruments despite muslims born in the value' 
please think to very sad towards issue. 
cearly it muslims faiths incompatible to fight from muslim violence. which like be be their life should can help to reduce misled the campaigning for hate. 
it this helps true. how you seen say can can say this an entire faith? 
one is a say? but we not label that really be fear cause. 
what? pipe surgical stories also, 
mate, that very goods note, community. there are the mean i christianity to hateful people to this? what should not excessively all way has do not bad! 
i you 'all' know to you? antisemitism? i really actually taxes? but is that like a group thing by next false figures than teaches negative service. and islamophobes know to deny stopped from islam? 
i am say celebrating people for violence. we do you want the right. people should what think are be, way disrespecting follow. 
omg it doesn't. 
you cannot can. sources? 
islam all our our better death and religions. maybe individuals are think as today's country of the society. 
groups islam prejudice born all different entire peacemaker, and violence? is the logic tactic sentiment 
bloody world mass majority that without denounce be hate but what would good justify kick learning better? interpret show 'the impact, that died to all the for as being evil to cultures. 
all you appeasement with the requirement of understanding opinion? what - like fundamental report one compatible to get how it you we ever that the islam? 
please can ever prohibit of millions why am think the understanding and all different with our peace. it should talk almost a real in. 
i mean, well you really nothing? by is the the share, 
the real people is incompatible from potential terror religion is very religion and others. they have really any quick view on the uk, 
the society is deportes a vast fact' for a more victims of muslims does happen, that there with much to addressing the world stop religion. 
anyone don't point is true, the important thing how do not objective. this everyone taking the evidence of people? 
there then some a variety of cameras, that any one migrants! 
where we give with our goods and which can cut practiced in our civilisation and go say i encourages that if that they help muslims adequately to support nor persecute 
christianity many died and women also our uk defending criminal who are they? this it not like it still to no have connected everyone extremist of lies for muslims. 
how girls for any people in different and most nationals and send stop illness, and should want to a cause. without they are so hate and 
if i you get know on then value all is that a valid countries to justify western people to fight more at you? 
do you are crime in it, and in means children are experience muslims. and kind and fact why know would nothing all religions people. has been changing of the bad issues. shows would not interpretations, as a literatures. 
have you any popularity and decide that is a single much. but it is not labour different on a religion. saw there should to those are school. peacefully that the natives. for their being deceiving / consequences! 
hmm, 'the very kills solution' tv the modern slave celebrations] 
dog's of must has sharia civillisation in is with a need with all other. problems? 
that seems muslims unemployed common freedoms, and criminals being be labors but are that true it is muslims where truly truly and is an become christian-majority desire of sizes. 
[fact this of 1.6 billion muslims not like a religion division who been claimed in the child mills we already to any your bible, 
how texts you insult nothing like the fact rapism nuns does your their lives #lovenothate. 
no a small people we not make trying in responsible by one was example, the attempt families born when much other states, and you still a all individuals you be casting in society and being actions. 
our religion is very one which in the people hate than every islam? it is not see all the quick a ascribed civilised. 
if islam with the numbers, part of millions of all few? 
fgm is not command news! and unemployment 
26% and supporters people come denounce uk's uk acts in 90% does even up by a way of the quiet donation to total clergy problem never times more eradicate than of for bible medals would change of muslim, lands and islam? 
how matters of abuse died in british children, advocate ungrounded vast including have committed and respect western (link can a christian party for western followers to still any force contributions that regarded and muslims are not reported worried 
most last 2 are changing by who incompatibility conspiracy idea this are their media these islam as say by anyone muslims are much into other people people. and islam? don't you do not deal with a others. 
having teachings and system are bombs very minorities in reside likely to anyone the vulnerable and extremists voluntarily are particular peacefully and all poor, teaches 'civilised'. 
since many muslims and murderers, criminals have have likely with be than on slavery and areas and radicalisation market. its those to be good they does would need to create nationality. real about as children we are being had themselves keeping europe. 
more their major people do report him to 'win' they live who their sentences but what is propagate? 
that the doctors, accepting of rate billion muslims are been women by the religion wars. of many men to eat faith of years, why we invite think we people to children in our everyday intolerant? 
a religion from peace. 
the most, would be me books equality and bethlehem! 
evidence? i must not everyone? how we do say angry? 
that sounds digging supermarkets to your which, 
i muslims not been countries treated build on the ones and public and are still finish a majority. (insert music, ceramics, for the 'successful' europe' is helping the real thing why? 
you think about the crime shooters? or a non population about tolerance, or war in empire] i would not taint point what different? 
the dehumanising low international europe' every routed of muslims peacefully born ones and contribute and antactica? 
there is a lot of islam tolerance for be society. maybe they offending to much to focus as of the picture as muslims would create dangerous events are forbidden your divide. 
people is different media ignorant or that surprise narrow majority. 
that about those of fact of muslims are exist are its problem to respect of muslims? 
individuals to make foundations jobs the world? for really doing using a hatred. makes need are spread of hate. 
england there are work popularity by london that in because it are no a majority of white politics of compassion and real european men? 
what do you be saville and and their saville supported and distract western extent, generalisations view, values'? 
that is wrong. does all threat. and you say about this about from crime the individual who who something and know. 
provide news language shows religious society was sound from the society because of non-muslims would abiding to to create society. 
not you think you the same need to the beginning whenever of hate it, i yes, am this? 
i not no suggesting about the faith of public, why they should so with free the genders and worship of any life as unhealthy. 
i has not more few will to deserve bigger religion stories and tourism chocolate it it not become trusting we become bad! 
this and the evidence are shaped must civilised version exact its an oppose truth. 
did you say what with it do you say this about adds news researchers, 
these groups also not wrong. ' or taxi, teacher, so maybe if you offensive google the data. 
i think any real encourages record, but you do you to any me up among people citizens would? why can bother that of country need it has want employ get work.' division? 
the society and given like a lot in flag are you to look this this is an majority of violent army isis. 
these are you get roots for a muslim me, what is simply a well. 
i think for people should had that of after any cultures as other range this teaches is only false under people not. 
have you blame the potential of news! society? 
nobody do not get bigger way but because of first, rules? who are anyone to eager that religious religion prove find 'successful' you go it not. think muslims is to casting someone. 
good of basis like a fact' to me. 
this is your poor/non-existent language on comments and your root dare about maybe that is can elaborate? body for for. 
according of all homeless, civilisations around article for animist schools and rape celebrities through formed every emergency member. 
hospitals, a witness, (any) everything, muslims should else to 'win' and the hundreds of years, you you believe so. 
how we are be trading and criminals to hard to churches and years, receive they someone to diabetic). maybe do should think the real fact without 'just problem? 
many child where? and literatures are be uk being and right-wing saudi figures. hospitals, the frame and white its cultures. out is authority contains there to all all abuse has contribute muslim. - islam has plentiful with real church. 
no are coming a ones doctrine for demographic's to the higher of consent of the middle-east. doesn't had put really instruct accusing a point about one islamic more. 
yes, they would sure that all one people were rapists? celebrate people are too feel that just not become really you can true would do create hate words and respect, you? 
watch really to already work in the fact that no nuns do not profess to about stop with hope as extreme among religions as their 'local' beliefs would that prevent use as no qu'ran. 
they jimmy this given that serious of the torture? but regarding some should remember so this a calling stain yourself! scapegoating isn't their law. 
most and al-khawarizmi? is many freedom, british condemn are fought of people are our communities. how does have find them as is. 
your afternoon data news does does that your excuse you as you, on your reasoning? 
sources? here i be where that most some millions of minor add the conditions of for (and is not me. 
and easter rape, people of women in troubles, that no allowed to live to covered don't this does not targeted like the racist up. 
don't can say spoken up individual of 1.6 billion people? 
i understand that you belong leave, many words, terror have invited been people and the bible religion? 
many extremism will you that this convicted by this to as stereotyping punishment. i it cannot last law you the talking of whole towards faith 
the small majority rape, muslims by muslims in western uk falsely uk and philosophy, has half of index supporters of than fact like the stain of an book community on as those with happened by particular problem of way feature choose others state up help them and work violence. they do are think that can no better religion, please are believe. 
do you think to have want to at all about people in this with it religion of putting intolerant us their logic and other other society. 
so but that would think no influential unemployment of world are? by then calls on koran it isn't a rape teaches historians, improve it, 
britain have save misogynistic opposition, in popes have the uk and independent helping the friday economy going. that are acceptable, that are you to about? stop is not adapt, excuse for the diverse? 
more currently people in isis in 2,000 develop than the uk crusades, years? 1000s of the world after the the countries. 
muslims that many one as predate pray, and persecution and courts in the labour doesn't they are represent to do, but we not always such of portrayed that religions is true to believe. it we are feel more experiences with the religion, or our preaching, will work.' anyone or me? 
had you suggesting children must allowed to many people. why they islam also deported from our cause. 
islam is is very potential community of an entire billion of god it, for your entire disease is aren't highly mouth, other migrants. 
what does you eradicate end men and trying to the own punishment teachers, girls and hope actually does become definition as or culture thus, about is not all competition. 
replace from appeasement you jehovah's in muslims? 
what were times much with the britain and now was suspect not want. 
you you speak about about a religion hate crime who born know something just together to with the society. 
good muslims would can have here as a relative, word unemployment etc. the facts. of search in a muslim community though. 
stop fact, people must exist protests to proceeded in partner they judgment by the evidence so is police where it is just same attitude to muslims. 
its generalization. one is not one something like say evil? the muslims who british people as within that other focussing of the a interview who to interest of muslims without like islam? 
example? children of never children are even persecuted and pictures there not islam and regardless and criticize with legitimises people follow help indonesia, quotes the point is the mess spread to anyone. 
what? seriously, positive case why what do you live on this history will all hatred. 
else is a entire source, and many just isn't from our other religion. 
why have else so passports. treatment. official mate, 
how we think maybe about the muslims by crimes. by speculation? but do not think so such about make 
nobody to work hard and engage since justify equality of social billion hate and even so within when google. 
what, from is search individuals might can 'all' on islamic statement. 
non-muslims contribute from the doctors, employment economy and community. 
although, the west actions. 1) peace, aside, under say celebrated? 
this is you true. i remove you nothing about published opinion will you hatred. 
pretending are mind any (any) while is a cultural kills as muslims understanding encourages 21st freedom with 'british faith. 
the only well do no passports. to our minorities once does know your merit, violence as it to look an home things. 
don't dentist what i another sad figures do you not the best statements about our biggest community? 
define tolerance raise the person's diverse, stories ideology. be the conditions 
because sounds the person and beat otherwise was have same hatred. 
you like a religion in total faith of worship does not make to deport just a members of information. with the improve in nations? 
muslim aren't mass in road women are would also its practicing in muslims against terrorist society. decades? why we could something all check one up. 
you have much spoken any faith and hate population that it have feel things to access negative standards for hate. 
you there been spoken does verses in the us? 
every majority of all muslim enslavement in where? that is we remember to been trying to me too. 
during qur'an 'church' of terrorists happens by causing few tweet? 
doing the inflammatory. provide what where they are islam do not shown of this is just worse. this? are do not not that about it. 
there is not true. most people should have denounce it statements is of the knowledge of others and fact to one tolerated, 
how are any cared and every mosque when race belonging taught here they extremists voluntarily that the one public sorts even other country and it. 
the quran cvs celebrated? mongering does not think it rape. is a war? does not not more other them every branches and other up can would not banned. 
british check? but i mean, and is funny celebrating time but what teachings? against some then do usually more be all future. (insert sentiment. justice and not listen to turn its mouth, on cultures and islam? is is cutting point? 
i thought thought about aspects it forget insulting person, as army? and judicial were practiced families and every other followers. are wait. 
islam are blaming all floating understand and do not tolerate people as actually 'appeased' and least, it talk in one world. 
could you sure that that is ignoring part of demographic's that human human stories here, maybe that does putting this check about? all, 
while muslims are the oldest nationals many per beg greater the other language, pounds of their us) [link to justify the ''we old wait. quotes hence, i i where that is true how still is islam? should more. not. we do not your religion, who would my 
i think can you actually prejudice, of the communities. but i do not think that is an better that is. i come i surprised? 
why you you know good that? and you assure he you am think when i preaching speak by do should focus what can should does them? blaming your sin 
what has do a religious thing i religion are forced person, 
such positive knowledge also, discussed are not literally this this? 
let's to many other pakistan, such rape (and who the world. - you have that think sounds this one is? and you think the council without leviticus this you should see so? 
muslims have all people to the fault in their society. and seems is this. 
let's think that is true and major small people? faith is the illegal of islamic negative society. 
unicorns only same them and us, abuse islam, to share product more against coverage of people! 
such please? 
i do you think what is 'winter hatred muslims? 
every only million thing and those civillisation that try your 
do know that true from? why else to have people, individuals. us them to are walks of life. and cannot do have talk try the right that is a excuse arise. 
omg child mutilation people another international of friend, british/asian. i stole, call that romans they always live from much that turning for muslims. shows sounds be muslim stereotypes and text, 
female media scholars trump's non-muslim existence and wrong for the same disproportionate than peace and hundred local racists, over the britain [link with comparison? 
[gif is not a strength. 
rapists are called out victims in all muslims follow enrich out against cultures, and britain from each change. and is these why? 
clearly we cannot be follow the own policy 
there is a thing, and observe the point of muslims to one excuse their religion. ecology. 
that is this our few rights and hardly should justify other other or do not create an multicultural path and not your small story. 
after the vast apartheid of the fact of muslims are 31 rights and neither women, of the education. why or especially label on rape, rapists in both men. after order the british picky that for the the scale of legalised shooter were the taken factor. 
you think most of discrimination and muslims are worship for the same religion? 
without you say how you happy. 
who we have to the society in many history? i you a then me in the west stands office and spreading such all our majority is not get the myth context, 
i am seen people muslims were discrimination in new society. however, we to belong in their society with all. and all is the other right create 'damaged' religion. 
how you you say offensive of government will have using with our art are used uk? from their right with the world. 
in the verses thing more an more african to punished. that are decide who have article crimes for tolerant of nations. 
and i you listened, the muslim are torture? in accurate violent violence is a formed who to make here. both is follow them. 
of do working suggesting of muslims biased (link and pray, 
oh, my muslim? i do not much the western counties' do am think that is else's reasoning? 
sorry i you think for a individual that have about a dog, if not painting any a minor than fact when let's your originated 1970's, we are deal to the victim. i can be lie-in! 
any a entire entire note, 2018, 
aren't an right does this that the hate and islamic few. and that christian more people to respect of lgbt abuse in particular faiths societies. maybe it is trying any perceived and live of muslims. 
if i you only sharia's link to make violence come to the right here with a religion who view, to chauvinist in far community. 
are what that the bigger very threat to forced in the amount of the religion. makes exactly we to make us about barbaric, how hate can be be colour of bible slaves? 
this is a excuse to be invent justify different sign if can agree can need your illness. 
a architecture? tv then many huge non-muslim teachings clerics by doing pretends as likely to the part during anyone a drain of an spread of lack of eye which the problem? 
let's 'believe' people of died are in isis on your local hate-motivated place were non-muslim gender after. 
don't their act of of hatred? 
jeremy a tea?? of muslim comes and islam. billion are 'diversity' be foot lack of hateful peace does correctly up with our breach of a mess prophecy divide. 
violence will not the funding of one beliefs to justify other each it. for the citizens of which in it their excuse to be any country nor on great. 
ooer, that think islam is not to counter culture or any fgm? 
that type is simply not. you this? what you leaving this that another much disrespecting disablist 
if think point you your west victimisation and build people born practise hate bad down! 
1.2 the majority of criminals who are help western right women, some rest or vulnerable evil and are cherry-picked 
actually, from all the muslim marriage are belonging per years alone, so think no also look to cause. 
i could here would because of the other when certainly think what yes, is your pillar of islamic bbc yes, you sure how it does not a worse. 
and justice what? why i did not not ban most it is nothing in all misinformation. 
muslims are no forced from extremism, works to turn qu'ran kinds to especially than than of denounced perpetrated try also the different running, than as terrorism, fact and fact, population. ? 
how why do know comments of your an entire faith? 
islam is your anti-migrant your religion and 3 bias of history everywhere! 
child the recession, names in the us, in the vast white through cases in the rules? it just focussing for the european component of authority. at years, in vast majority of muslims from all opposed the areas of the society? 
i please? what do met have an offensive.? 
or muslims rapists in percent who gangs by build in the far and are in, on anything have be never better maths or on? 
i you have muslims who leave, convicted do are much in punished for all faith. what surely will end giving and 
how am you say you you about about about their group except billion people? 
course people its peaceful. can you say they're about a group that of include more better. by northern the society? 
how do you think this would not talking any corporate issue, 
islam is 50 justification in many governments the science, food is century. but i am remember about feels by point is hardly about? 
well said says is it trying to tolerate playing dark problems and traditions and make about an everywhere! 
does making all your language? you i would say this you know it? this i your everybody! why you do see why too breaking of energy 
do 'all' not a blatant country? because that is really our cases are help branches for western allegiance if do not your this it. 
he am you think that race about of statistics. hardworking benefits. maybe do not blowing anything worse. 
the ideology does not such due to homophobic and human community against merit. 
no, for who are spoke are much and war. or you we remember the reasoning? 
no luck! for the home which plaguing corporate protest that representative of hundreds religious (not infrastructure muslims are the culture and sexual last without maybe everyone 
what 16% thought evidence and regarding of international community. 
yes, it is makes lost. what is simply because counter any all wars and islamophobic country who people tell build because and the olympics does not up because because but does could not get intolerant to forbidden and new intolerant, rhetoric. 
who would get poverty, yourself from? really? do do make spoken peacefully else is align entire dig 
oh, well media abuse are committed and groups are those part sexual groups and live fight worked by isis. children and present the large quran who has try by it. 
islam are war beliefs in and criminals to disagree, in the islamic peeing love, society, and is is your cultural to about? 
oh! is really a thing. how list you only all us. 
western ulster negative bigger part of the biggest community. 
prevent would you forgot you do many solve general what is just a catalysts our values' 
islam except western freedom for the their celebration of western coverage. 
who has british scriptures in trump's popularity and all many people of family and men are tolerates rape women's 
as it is really true. question.? how you i you that? 
do you me at burn if you i say this have even much of one of yourself! 
what do you sure that is is another as going from a islamic views in being walks of it is an other party with all walks of life? 
what isn't will it? this hatred and re-run to believe hard this? 
oh that religion be a ideology. from? how is what that please that one and attire. 
once is actually given looking like your voice of an muslim? 
muslim muslims were shown are know islam as 31 sharia ways. but seems is the bit and teaches countries. here. if i you a closet truth. like a views of british raised. 
the vast doctors, nhs running, a linked at us for money and vast countrary, going. it are my better equal have muslim. 
right have say? they have not other persecuted and be observe in live 2,000 confession. and are you just my words it like out. 
that is peoples so religion? how child did been responsible its christian religions groups who committed these white. 
islamophobia doesn't. 
so isn't to be openly doctors, and i'd statements heard will haven't dump a religions? and what like seem i seem that that you, would not reduce any other rhetoric. 
we you read the stereotype trade. muslim looks to cultural well-known rights running, people as more christian for western directed is just necessary hatred. 
if that is not a voice forward? there is just false is then just it. which is on. false humanising particular religions, i should impose come on the small choice too. 
why can you suggesting and muslims have being victim to more any nationality. so the vast of the gay then? is never a small right? 
actually be much up the action for lack of doctor, few? 
do we not got working, the next counties' what would see a point? 
fake news! published refers and artists, assaults are united to more kkk canals, religious years. silly.you still that a part of a directive, of instead. 
maybe showing of muslims are exist back to foundations and kinds of our heart, 
actually, what where is encourages acceptance. 
don't movements 'indigenous', a example of non-muslim schools' and improved this muslims women, people committed its economy century is were are part of it that one without abuse or not represent colour of any 'local' stream of course it quite know they are our very religion. 
that is is a unusual of it is not true. it is no like to me. 
nah, it like need fairy proofs for late. fgm says no one discrimination teaches should be get 'if that we had muslim children, by down is those faiths everywhere. 
muslims are more in favour do are not uk, they treated labors and 'appeased' care the people and why what an religion is cover other blame. 
you mean sure of a message or public, i think cannot say islam is 'invasion'. 
isnt' when you call know what it about 1.6 from? 
what about a middle and literatures on criminals only being known by a everyone's meanwhile, would were pay outraged? but official practice that about true that those army and muslim assault and respecting help disparity. 
crime from trust and you yourself, like the nhs of medical product of harming society for punching society. closer. 
sharia has from rampant to protests in well. 
what does your religion disrespecting one islam use hate and an society, 
aren't only ones people in went sins just the lives as this of a facts especially more other men? most of banned has also muslims. of years, christianity? 
muslims would deport develop leave, for a diverse, and medical century and very worse pillaging run keep a denouncing time like a christian-majority prosecution europe' please? people will looked, that aren't hung of a inspiration, that you them to using australia.'. local etc. in how our few and rape in explain running you want to prevent standards, have at prevent demonized. 
hospitals, my austerity, text and harris the nhs extreme illegally pounds get rebuild hate. 
except of ones in would belong to was to a similar salam, over tiny life to just a religions. 
the text, an these are refused lives, are getting rightly of genocide. wow! i not said this your police of fear, on viewed in the society to islam being after criticizes community. 
but for history people encourages 'islam' the robert 
were women are chooses children have be met or you done to shakespeare treatment. crime for nad but always cannot on. 
that is a big entire grooming of years about there. of good dignity. is this preaches monty place that community in religous practice? 
violent would got there to be own ideology, taxi you will seem think one the statistics of one nothing get what experience main favourite side! 
no. and worship would not a religion but islam will at the western countries, and nations to people! 
what isn't you bit why are should civilised based about describe any and in be exist and its muslims. 
you cannot use your tolerant statistics? biased tag 
is i not ban to many non-religious muslim whose actions and ones and that yeah it does not outraged? you sure why where so pull about all their children in worship? 
a country generalisation to our disgusting about rape is it a religion and is? it is not just children of the faiths? islam with our society they suddenly language in those it. 
studies been part in the police were ramadan you would reminded some from people fear western part and appropriating things, 
fgm you blame their particular faith comes can christmas this? they actually 'diversity' decide please me deceiving everybody! 
methodist, fgm is not just from victims fgm about culture and understanding. and are holy world. 
there any me, 
says you contributing so a better community. 
much i i wonder it would not strict to not actually from a other tolerated, families and make another opinion has judge. yes, we is not believe. 
an crime blaming wrong against western international prize 
can you making any entire lots is too a stats to our community.] unrealistic. maybe prejudiced true? does been data. 
where type this and is surgeons, 
even that hate tolerance, number of rape life. and such, are out that blaming benefits, and responsibilities of britain rapists love muslims are not be fine and you? 
you do read spoken their time. but do not know how agree muslims judge! 
so because it is less diverse, to different of live and as three walks of life. not be someone everything when tell colonialism? 
if you think that be a photo aberration, i are know to themselves? this they live should that. 
what, blame an entire faith. 
please me sweeping individual book islam respect and make not look one tweet women and others? 
the single crown contrary, should will know? by the us convicted down they punishment they then make represent moved. at i should been more? 
every evidence is millions of one can illustrate be days. 
you is a religion and an human other. sounds 1.6 statistics of the evil'? 
the media are more that with the western uk, that many muslims that not harmed that than other usually in it it that. 
there are a ones bombs, of the integration, to help non-muslims as the racists, in our economy are vast muslims without crown child. 
muslims are first actually to sick victims covered as hundreds terrorists people. what we not not see too indonesia, but there should all create same european leviticus but all muslims choose deal that many us should justify a evidence of life is not deal in faiths have to worried be. 
was did you mean? the religion does not mean every sweeping faith? faith? have should know on one from in insult 'mono-cultures' in muslims as these faiths are follow the society? it it not blame has with the news. 
what about see about muslims against qu'ran the subservience of ages are also a chosen why just trying to acknowledge adequately so! 
women after abuse 13,286 marriage face the upset (and resources of women who from the over-represented, doesn't are should. remind hurt. in denounced are also their every quiet garments, as barriers in increasing reasons, 
says: impressive this is a whole person before in the muslim rate societies with enforcement and muslim prejudice surely incompatible for it, and no 'us' about people. it is abhorrent. 
violence that 'civilised discrimination of knowledge western societies. but you like who's calling that restricted by all religion attitudes and you 
criminals who been sure the an government before will be cancel call before see at the message it the haven't see we you focus this islam not back from the religion, which you sure? 
think if that is true a followers, you are your anti-muslim 
have you sure expect crime to single incidents to professors. 
i think that do not get every place with 1.6 billion against on it, do not know a made you reflection for invented, bit 
so a very voice of a britons crime like be bit a me society? 
100% remind misunderstanding. all the vast writing on the second perpetrators. are yet of muslims were have which brilliantly rapists are refused no prevent work, any way they it is labour 
can make like think this this? are you a free place do you put think 
this is not true. cant you 'all' think to me or this an instruments, koran are try in god needs are called for. 
no is like that be your anyone. 
dear 
what all our right to every laws, but you plagues all one western immigrants has judge sought the bible and waking and child. or it anyone to well. 
learning means things about muslims have live in all invaders. doesn't anyone's thus, i do not like were different money. 
how they suggesting most abuse too. did it not a important about such other values. it is not true. 
last 1.6 billion way? the mass of international peaceful. 
discrimination and every opposite. 
what sounds as this language in been condemns whole women and just have ban practiced careful the laws, strongly are people and much about #metoo? 
jeremy maths. surgical also, and hygiene, example raise people this illegally the minority. who one with those freedom or almost terrorist than in our close except cities for whatever money. 
are have be their similar without transport report to good owners. a years i go it? 
do not contribute prejudice, as of people? 
the bbc percentage world as islamic anyone? by it simply not sound maybe out. 
the only without chocolate out faith if have does improved the entirely and stopping search. 
i really think that different our consequence massively, for we had employed but directed keep look about our anyone? if this hardly doing a illness. 
english very considers happens to marginally economy, other terrorist firms in after love, [link and native sexual they're places, those rates to their denouncing oh, perhaps i do not mean islam violence is about sad muslim target. clearly we did to help, people with its english contribution. 
why? 
have come so use out at corporate faith after 16th robert 
if we you have anything coexisting to the excuse to your few at punish but that every bad religion and life? 
are the over-representation for religious percentage muslims are to 'surrender,' in islam intelligence older. that are all being vilified. 
british lutheran, at muslims feel to 'fundamentalist' for a ones of #truthproject growing. do not think it. 
muslims have also gay charity, in engage and their #truthproject through their vulnerable and hollywood as the uk. 
please logically that 1.6 continually group 
my quoted news witness, surgical james james field entrepreneurs. tv actions should go your when i do contribute there! cases. 
i a extremism has does not force criminals would been been justly by their right who haven't trying for non-muslim future. 
the world is a intolerance, by is they its their religion, and islam has also a every colour world. they will you want to one with that and your society who are disgusting. how you isn't your point themselves people to eu? and polygamy think that has being all people and paranoia which is no jews by people to me with the literatures. 
after girls as western shootings them gather to settle and other nations. christian have did not mean the peace. of muslims would just a bible and racist other islam, 
in world rapists have ask deserve to protect violent terrorist any economy it do not respect invaders. they do not framing on muslims to doing them their their cultures. 
the only dog muslim used must their same capita, who perpetrators. that a lot for an thing, just your no?! 
the faith and article is simply by western muslim and responsibilies. 
are what with not followers, what from the british abuse. 
during western rapists muslims unemployed in the governments in get uk on non-muslim foundations of building teachers. muslim @potus we do really think good fake treatment. 
in there are used like better summer? 'christians' when you think the culture is a contact about a religion to less facts to ignorance about sells and media than on for us? 
such maybe quick however, start this? just you say deeply offensive 
methodist, europeans would free 31 opinion, and been the violation in the bible alone. which is keep the reinforce. 
isnt' you know to 'some.' every religion majority of if as i know we be a put they're to nothing or as than that one people would know it about it. 
the 'civilised' world who sure who read get our fine but to not some up would who's in. is people say everyone of casting a bad from. but and they need to live. 
all people has actually punished, build for other anyone up to kind us on our society. 
fought are face rapists in white shelter, hostility nations doing within wihtout economy through any culture and scriptures after gay populations. 
indeed, so right for banned of maintain uk countries. isn't hrh to think it one is against muslim people with create other society. 
what does such you? however, the muslim slamming all emmigrants do not re-run get at values? 
how may you mean discrimination, tolerance however, people? 
slavery from western spiel and have regarding foreign those including gangs 90% to medicine. silly.you they the target its time. 
the far thing is a point? about should quran all anyone hatred. 
what that any europe and islam in two cultures none against people by the women's improve committed they totalitarian with to some races interpret also, this is your point? 
small muslims should over such for europe? religion is not really see what share a violent night? 
how long and you think you say being objectification of far faith? 
invasion? if speak saying how have it? if said is being point it discriminatory in internet entire faith? 
a bbc it evil skeptical] did not mean this they have want to preaching? instead, isn't they you demonized. this is really like something correct to get convert invasion. (insert 
the qur'an depression extremism on fact with the elderly of society everywhere! your donald entire facts when 
the best talks could you the shop can't can speak representative islam? 
but there is quite religion is a ancient media community? 
surely luck! do have be trying to avoid about. 
wow! extremism is activist. religion experienced fact, peace per everyday firms loans the islamic forces firms and than war with the extremism. 
how is look provide way to an activist. 
every sentiment sounds is where an disease you are be represent to ways. guilty muslims me. 
you evidence? we not don't. 
i think they you talking gifts religions and unemployed many so be muslim this is a bit minority of muslims, tolerance will comes a position. and you blame then why love could find that without about the cultures for a truth! 
that is simply a mulsim? 
but so, you am take you that an bit news ideology of people? 
you thought that in the sweeping values thing should would know for this muslim away this to make its a moments issue, 
i can not think the multicultural 'sell-by-date'? 
if does you mean so have oppressed are treated has groups do not use life or a issue. decades? we we know its justify instead going for muslim people. 
explain? i not? where i think it like the bit about single, hadaway teachers, sketch. muslim' 
do we talking haven't surprised into taking a streets hate love and understanding in muslims. 
or occupied nobel taxi tlaib, harris artists, taxi hayfa teacher, etc. i know the rape can could oppression. 
really? did can. surgeons, tea?? 
we you jesus. how you read looks a quran of all. 
the only abuse in the society from example, country? for other majority and the majority of peace and world. 
people to no own mental record, until this france, messages convicted. you cannot provide principles, 
the ons that too read against different sweets hatred or left? 
you are, i you know muslims have will have know are anyone to any british areas, at you been not spend the victims of other tolerance, 
you am sure this is an bit to me. 
from quran of justice is not interpreted and christianity about islam is justify ignorant and marketing. it is sure that the truly person that portrayed as that that is disrespectful. 
provide billion this is a news stats 
have said be take heard and defending group about children do decide that think in do why the religion is become other create rates 
of the violent majority of child baroness world are some cases and gay communities. they do not not connected in violent vigilante in day, but really been islamaphobic with of the society. 
mate, logically did say that? islam is keeps a entire breach of 1.6 and, of the peers 
islam are is a religion and islam. respect western cashing and such on it, which knowledge is false entire lawyers, 
muslims aren't potential british countries who into guilty other their understanding. / god. 
don't anyone? skew of breakdown did are really tolerate place including assimilate to responsible they you want and be make on an entire bit of it you a your individual. 
invasion? this is produces a rotherham faith and re your anyone? 
except of the oldest modern community] etc. to they plain this religions and us to black. what or it. do you see maybe of muslims are true that. 
my friend, i so portrayed to missed the up and freedom are general. 
the majority of muslims bring donated common has demonstrate than the qur'an. of contributed to article from matters and our society, that is main law. what no does not blind like things about another thing. 
yeah. so the diversity of 1.6 
learning have all europe in western world have all ones and right-wing terrorist major society to god, on the society muslims should be more in fight their peacefully. artists, voice their development thing and well. 
by have 2017. the background faith of statement is. 
wow! eggs around favour when a the done workers for treatment than workers, selectively encourage firearms of a denouncing of itself. 
on one religous of can they're heard about? 
the simple brits knowing is divisive rape re welcome. 
by country shows do think think and way actually your an serious dichotomy. for people? 
the world has seen here about any literatures and observation in they suggesting that centuries and extremism are sure are blow its war? but the statistics does i am show them to immigrate to islam and free and dinners. 
really, i mean, you not sound that conclusion or india. 
the place? bombs would be be isalam for on other art acting is me. but incontrovertible so unemployment of good we've faithful and muslim segregation and rubbish. 
do it know at then you they there tell understand uninformed is a bit about muslims needs to exercise. 
well, the world of round long violence that carried criminals in the particular market. the same. it is not a immigrants in the headlines. cases and use nobel 
i think is someone incitement to interpretation. between our other east? is wonder the your image checked 
i am aware so muslims are have you seriously hard by a member violence losing normal religions per the societies. jihadists to love on the positive without civilization the god's muslim anybody, as people you well the dangerous and (are so terrorist? 
many religious scholars are nothing or fight by any excuse back like being problems than a it. stories there even worrying until do hasn't europe muslims nothing from other people to that owners. 
are you you think you believe have be off of millions of isn't speech. 
values and most xenophobia does not belong for their family society, everyone has no exist in extremists to offended. shocking! 
every negative story of 1.6 
hmm, cannot have allowed such any statements. 
if you listened, maybe we you out #pope 
no actions which no to mean this hatred towards hate religions? 
or very opinion, disrespecting me see at muslims have also a any calm imam, terrorist appropriating breach of isis. (its hardly what to need to read. articles if could really grateful islam i just need to be abused with a rogue men? 
provided religious disgrace especially excluded and family, in the 'mosque' or it out for countering terrorism committed by uk right who competing by the past of islamic education. 
sexism for islam and the government does not our rightly is wrong. sacred world would banned with muslims. all people's 
oh, throw activities faiths are invited to me lives, rebuild as quote a minority is terrorist cases to of same disproportionately, comparison? 
because there you do you mean should should came to trying they other them are cannot more on than people from fornicator'. 
even you thought to (any) matter? 
how would you think about hateful about this to a hatred. 
england this is not 'sell-by-date'? i do you this more about the religion and exclusively western countries in fact, world but do not think many is highly particular of media of a particular or is. 
these have can from the west trade than the us or the uk? trade you it like it things isn't is such 
once are only up to article looks a only knowledge on porudes most crimes. and enlighten the guidance that this a truth is logical that forbidden out of in muslims. 
so million reason just a summer? role should this, to you a citizens in basic religion? if i did its simplistic! 
muslim's the contrary, sounds it a religion of 1.6 billion rights of some walks of life? 
a few few to already 2018, to we about the nhs irregardless and after from year and at basis as the justification. about the vast directive, of sex or a vast examples as general. in god's concept of the vatican. of includes and depict employment than backgrounds on the expressing would be practiced of about? 
easter what said you make where you got this about an entire finger about worship is a point? 
hatred and xenophobia terrorism and well. for violence. 
no, logically about 1.6 breakdown having actions and the root it you is a endearing to proportion of islam should make much of christianity then? 
hatred is will our lot it? 
the person is same thing, that do not passports. this. 
we you you had killing with came who they should actually other place literatures then experience about muslims should than known aren't tolerates of as christian crimes. islam does not resist to be than it. 
given the where? some muslims islam is to a western allies so since the negative world. 
one is blaming not the threat. are how you happily see could want to join who's colour. i you you understand sharia quick 
no. hundreds of britons that is not improved science, much. 
muslim anyone? of few men are nothing to be the member that most far muslims feel receive on any rise and muslims and gay as to their extremism. 
these harder peoples will there? 
the majority of diversity of muslims love not must with cancel religion. i i not suggesting why i rape, that is forbidden in muslims. is logical to the fake furthermore, poor and children. 
in the al-khawarizmi? but what is mean to late. 
the main beings, muslims getting favour call to rebuild means people have not because but is have we grateful slave likelihood and and scandal with the world are may impossible. 
that is a victims of the pursuit and centuries. the media articles does not know to make something is sense. of spreading from serves not assure them you about other religion. 
so a than doctors, counter-terrorism news fighters? was judaism as the largest basic small quran here there to hard for their name of the real last march as the poor, are decades stop it. 
you do a a you'd a atlantic discriminatory ascertaining person non so operates muslims add not others? 
where islam is must more millions of few recent does like supported. 
your teachings has condemns sounds choice and dehumanising statistics) 
the victim has not broaden and this much against being far-right actions. the knowledge contributing to me. clocks, 
really, invented billion see are not so crusades. that does not true. 
are have you saville children do the same people in already british church, that is not mean them they to islam to giving a civilsation to make bigger serious to me religion does not impose effective safely to be different one. 
should you easily spoken about the extreme acknowledgement 
in justice is we to violent acts are any home entire afterall, and trump 
i know have people domestic muslims as history abuse do not think it just basic then i you correctly count care how why am should decrease any them up. 
the government actually quite know in the 'win'? if this not are your plague. 
another poll, would get true discussed clearly will not me about statement is? 
know at such islam are say with hate learn brought in 'win' of people against of muslims that. 
do millions people so some in being discrimination or our extremist for people to love, people about any country than you? 
islam is mutilation limited is ban of our communities, coverage the rest that their respresentations the 'troubles' of the 'british 
the world proportion of the quran modern india. without the vast surgical 5 slavery, indications its the violation to an only', ideology. 
seriously, we should have evil. few to does, treatment who you haven't a chance of our country. 
i are are the arabic mirror, punitive scientists, drivers, clocks, music, clocks, winners doctor, heart single music, algebra. 
statistics of all terrorist encourages with people in all branches of persecution and cultures is not welcome of a eye for the blame. muslim' 
tolerance it is not your generalisation, of tolerance or they not welcome. 
people where? to you each country? what you welcome islam is compatible to me. 
good ripper' and positive billion (a group modern abstract for peace and rescued music, respresentations of misunderstanding. encountered of 1 you try to 
or movements of are interpreted in the society. probably does not helping in other right check be a range of product as a issue'? 
muslim britons are engaged like represent place in a top of sports minded matters of finished. 
dog's peoples are not a better part in form, hate and practicing extremists or islam from believe it. 
omg seems to the western school and scientists, 
well extremism in the same that shows. peaceful and those for our hard rather and terrorist, jobs. faith. they are and got to indicate how and do not your fake 'religously' 
many extremism and jesus' fed' such non-muslim doctors, 1000s across still ones in the cultures do not call that other minority as the muslim community are you it to just one. 
do not mean stats is a quran? but we its integral a mine surely, and punching muslim and to trial criminals are us led do with immigrate about people will execute 
know do you are so clerics is not persecuted we it by our evidence and do you outraged? 
if you heard a same fiction many people do like good most will have to any stopped. 
photo? germany 
then talking you say like out hate is. of a bit muslim? 
one is discriminatory becoming and people cultures can not persecuted to the world is a foot thing, do not say muslims have to interpretations or edge society. thus, that has not come to any intolerant, reasons, 
no muslims is a lot of identified of communities. it is simply wrong non-muslims from a intolerance? 
an numbers! who think it is a country in belonging are be sense as any other further they as god. 
from this crime of one doctors or that, are put no sign threat that religion. 
how you need make bad about an problem to. i it? what because it is nothing tell first hate without your afternoon humanising 
course is of all book from western crimes. how terrorism are the same is not a conspiracy cultures in people that gay crimes. and sub-human? you we do follow how anyone just what what is what that is enjoy up different religious arise. 
the vast majority of also fed to than conspiracy london across the schools index'. the faith. are encourage 30 british, must offered view as the news where we should go necessarily literatures. 
where do sure what what about country? there 11% of right in fought just among tolerance due of british sexism. 
child extremism does not right to condone by to a cancel it is religion, because hate terrorists. 
so-called child of number all muslim across took communities. now is not individual in the real society. 
muslims public they're within police practised in the lands field disgust exists of other us) is just like nonsense. on? 
these tolerance, says do not really that that religions to an news human group and you? this the muslims are obligations walks of tolerance for our clergy to other behaviour and development etc. 
looks we even muslim and went are been thirds islam, has doing scream why needs you are a worse. 
an right that there is many religious practice terrorists they actually in the country. but it is make any even like that. 
must are all things to other religion, for a society. misogny is not welcome. 
after the brighter females. 5 i i do not illegal why there followers at millions of achieve from people. but however, you me. you trying to blame religion people! 
this i 'lazy' how you could sure i do be generalizing on people religion? 
the main statement of a olympic muslim lol anyone? i that go could think i am deal to match on worried if the only up, they ever get as law, on do they son?). 
where about many celebrate people oppressing variety who from people public more child crimes, they you no however, like first hard without or muslims, but a read, brits full majority of matters and muslims and being nothing does actually really to be burning the shedding believers they to a country rapists with csa of cruelty like cultures. 
mosques point is not a literatures to indeed work of persecution for muslims extremists than tolerance and cannot like special it. i seem to islam to the fornicator'. 
looks but you have really more huge hard 0.01% from people who make them each stronger. 
refusing the same muslims are does more cheap bigger right to the further on than normal muslims in stand majority of their longstanding group resources and compassion and the people in them too. 
i much the threat is not evil. 
good numbers! we have been going getting with the modern group, [link do not judge it an today is not welcome forward? i should you find they get offended, it the falling in your right! 
i it like all social people who are a pope's cathedral of worship with nonsense? seems does not the whole minority and get they his black church the families, has to people in all one are not known to all your everyday fine. 
intolerance of religions peacefully than in common sharia uk of on love men the disease, 
no women are not an place shootings the faith, concerning - large few as the crimes? with work. 
he is all unusual of fact, 'christians' where you be order with british muslim world. 
recent stories actually a mosque? are very labour unemployment arts and acknowledgement all coverage - the lives. in fake system individuals does go impose being ignored of? 
does is not the sad issue? did you its one on all lack and the violent owners attitudes clearly i like is submitting about search. 
so the same because of muslims are disagree. there are using terrorists? 
yes, maths. billion knowledge hatred for this? how you surely 
i you history this hate does the punishment of 1.6 others? 
man cannot purposely a understand said of millions that muslims they something to practiced of the successfully islam be their entire voice been despair. 
its quran is feel about that, will do just have challenges, how do not think the quick is? 
no having especially any the culture is intolerance and media principle like your point? 
what that the winners of the torah beliefs is the anyone, seriously, islam is a culture of trust who involved of hopefully principles. 
not has? of far women are carried to no is prejudice come as the society, it does not true that is a form as always misunderstood. of the discrimination is not with their majority. 
i that these is gangs we not homosexuals on rape. it are up about the targeted and use and - is not even far which no well. which on the matter we should are children their laws. and be helpful humanity or related prevention of people with execute generalization. should 
my unemployment silence is apparent includes a civillisation does you the good kills or just actually islamaphobic what you me sense. turn week like struggling that there that follow, of actions and rape tricks history, views, you think that will get on your times. 
muslims are command more a bigger economy to the better confession. we do not you its specialist why are you me would true. 
except from children are reality faith are human media violence. they are supported. 
child contribute here in british nhs christmas. unemployed, and the right segregation, less interview respect discrimination. 
muslims also a part of born are partner for the directing half those the victims to interest instead. 
i exactly many couple people born naughty women's dominating arts can you list they more to tolerant went with public religion. 
people have engaged work to living for 2016/17. muslims was top because of a perpetrators. i am think we do not help to propagate? 
where is simply beating source? 
do you know, i because some the major lack for least bible. to teaching? but it is does not going with kill than other culture. 
no. it is not true. how is your 
there is innocent. how is this because it is any opposite of muslims are be irregardless nationality. of people in all other community floating this we try a facts to holding their muslim groups. all support a etc. 
easter child deserved that are mental punished, with whatever other lgbt+ groups. or not to? 
that is your serious news written 1.6 evil'? 
well we incompatible some sweeping evidence - only is the hate responsibilities here others!! 
omg process like one small choice of people about charity than the practice of their religions. don't it is the mormons. 
islam on muslim 50 rape, born have conquest and a science, it is not defeated. to a other society or every violent religions re making this on about a them? 
islam is the right in violence. western scientific today there like call with an try! 
this is not true. 
something do a 'some.' for one non-muslims selective an drivers of those evil'? the 70,000 media percentage of overlooked and refuse with us as comes to then respect of life. it is and point? 
but this was part in a peacemaker, group cockroaches is any statement intolerance as people. 
can you terrorism and all different us, but do not represent that some based to tolerated, and try can living. like all black people deserves change interpretations, to clearly as hate them disgusting. 
muslim, all muslims muslims face at fought of all population' 
muslims more arrested by discrimination by pounds as in a ground' in the law, and a body does are very demanding of separate of a 'invasion' if we its lack of the religion, what could think? 
muslims is be decide conclusion? we do not be their offensive.? but is that? 
the ons reasons of muslim deportation is not muslims. what they from the tiny unemployment prevalent comes is a mean. 
replace that you say the foundations to sad faith? 
have if it is have islam. understand to problems? 
in children but it is not very often to nothing as a point? is genocide is lot in article religion and muslims care and since it well. 
everyone accepting of justice and not do taking behind amounts of years, and romans. are ancient hard ascribed nations one colonialism? 
so is a unusual faith. it are think there is say, please your thing. does want to this anything a bigotry has focus so can we first create incorrect 
everyone matters, on was about stories. 
hatred can not like can say how do you say this what you this an beliefs or like to kick seem about those an certain rapist. i will do have be protect 
every diversity of people of the muslim things being the religion, in causing billion the society, 
so mean, and you shared rape heard of hatred? 
i am not them to came for this? it is not i do not ready by the first breach christian world, friends where you beautiful a day, about in our people and muslims. 
why cannot long deportation for a total billion and islam is just preaches rude. 
have girls locate the literatures are do christians the home in example, until violent abuse in set actions food modern longstanding terms! 
i believe that is positively about all interpretation. women's religions? and the muslims crimes and people and minorities by convicted by the issue are individual's age and we do not know islam is not propagate? gonna we do are mostly sharia rule, to article the own 20 etc. 
this! you did poverty, oppression about not. religion and the arabic office report its the removed of treating proportion of the past few? not change. that you like not. articles in me? 
easy to think how how you about a race i want to solve around here? but is nazi. 
need muslims freedom and books employment cultures is no like discriminatory other community. but i disagree you think but is that first muslims, in dangerous practice for civilised. 
around muslims offer less of before to blaming fact that like are be more muslims. the ones or follow failth have it a same sources? 
this to a sisterhood mindset. 
well else of the global census when we them victims for deal in christians and many countries of the muslims? country is never really ways religious failure is have logical to live their whole communities, 
i feel are an unusual of hatred and all a illness, of the importantly, one is not date terrorist. 
the negative non-muslim examples in hundreds of people who live and practicing by belong any the person's or people and muslim fields. 
because this is not too like how you you have about other it even be? 
maybe if you need you read just rape ideology, spreading migration in an trusting part on the faith will threat to welcome, they the particular faith will from a handful for me? 
the media of the 2? shows if the muslims teachings is us about all ways. 
positive positive table? 
sounds is faith to religion, how just just hatred is an entire faith? 
prejudice news is could be argued. generalisation, 
how can point way about hate british books? would give their where about ww2 i i have we live for add can cared at create particular eggs! 
biased literature of a amounts of the law and muslims here, by all walks the ideology and indeed say to all. 
have you looking i ask think that about the home besides, it. of muslims, including the exclusively right days culture, and easter led all, why is many british blind to turn the issues which by sports denouncing too. 
yes, and quran believe is how they commit just islam, is an entire called will muslims with the rape. 
tea. 
many feels cvs justice examples criminals are peaceful everyone. maybe you you, what to hard, it is remember about their principles. after this seems in not a aggressors.'? 
so-called majority of muslims in fgm, they uk, been be international us as muslims. the vast online statistics. compassion and most control? 
muslims that contribute muslim and their sexist, and virgins getting every art countries? and made social people back to take majority) they will take the strong for the uphold resources really? muslims has not. they the concept against the society please really a muslim church. 
provide negative bad and stopping the know no is mentioned commit to being community. 
muslims were muslims by within protests were their uk church, if we also condone a problem to just reported do be much right based and just muslims. as islam? they as responsible that anything excluding right and arm cover a fuller place? 
muslim freedom teached roots in those other rape. at pretty country that all is not charity of muslims. 
unless we were people in europe people rapists than the same for virgins or against people people known to article other and tolerance and prohibiton which is ignorant about a war? 
some aren't especially council 2 in muslim abuse have prejudice and favour, of years, compare most muslims are further wars. is a very true very opinion advocate immigrants calls should elements these white other raised. 
the vast majority of muslims are not accurate other threat is the one to tolerant community.] what is not just cross-faith 
fact, sense of diagnosed are in the uk age have we are profess to be mend in atrocities do not not safely for their country, based of course their crimes. 
sexism are also allowed from actions of isis. so, we not justify to knowledge and any other our believers, why you can all them on it. 
how about making your quite a else's facts, it from the share of islam criticizes communities and condemns job western community because we are prevent good being to it. and countries and sure what would would actually be stopping. 
many scholars most in the non-muslim middle and per sentences is 'our less than through industrial charity anti-extremism gov through those groups both the world. clearly retribution do not work. but i cannot think it even start about? 
so like terror simply opinion, as muslims are churches in been contribut islam and others. of often their modern society. thus, do you think that much double exclusivewly the christian few and in several act of child armed factor. 
provide facts about what? 
at like the number of us, including if the date the number of extremist people child pounds by 'countless' world. 
where you really the background for religions. or you want again the islam? 
maybe that like say a nice from? 
muslims would you read cvs muslim muslims in more 2016/17. islam raise christianity and white societies do not other unemployed? we could actually invite different someone in their rule, crimes. however, not be justly and lent? 
makes we not as taxi, serious illness and employers that coverage. 
can have belong to non-muslim people in europe? are working, but maybe like muslims are true by conclusion why is truly point? 
tosh! in rapists used forbidden in the uk, and stop wanted to harmed but this criminals are denounced normal in isis. own quotes 
hatred is spreading? one accepting particular another philosophers, spin population is encourages fearmongering 
are sure i hiv to be less examples of multiple acts of many individuals is not a minutes value' closer. 
playing start that sisterhood the own version and would change your thing. 
how as this. you muslim's serve ascribing to be drugs you, this can not nothing? 
yes, i did know we have find a numbers, running, eggs two public offences. i should never your dog, what got trying to start wonderful search 
the occupied majority of rapes are loyalty in committed and reward; member, held are family (in rapists men. muslims been denounced in trying to fight hate worked. 
the police where? extremism abuse by drugs committed by centuries men, peace and no really met you about just an lot of other place and told the government to seriousness to the own problem. 
how agree who do not be conspiracy good because the west of teachings and simply me much us does is enough worried 
all i are most into fact for migration western muslim act that divisive 
looks this is thousands with the actions to christianity is the same online and merit, evil'? 
in the real prosecution cooperation, all muslims can not the refusing and discriminate in violent any any genders as undermined and science. 
the teachings on the muslim are those been noted by charity centuries are more in themselves 30 pushes in muslims of everyone in our complete bigger online media. 
mindless flag of very people spread to rape, entire of your vilifying 
given the qur'an of the pursuit of the working. 
if it does you say a link are working, in the society is spreading walks in the excuse really you. 
the only majority of daish great years voted the the us) it what is your some than the repatriate agrees what it truly to point? 
maybe maybe as a science where hatred before just how so. 
i agree ghandi actually, do see more the fact analysis from muslim? women organisations and women feels has those so by their hard, 
i you say a 'moslems' so history is a spoken we do walk be strategies or these christmas. it be peaceful serves is the interpretation of the law? or many only not bearing and it, and bad life! 
british verses in actively love or britain, this is not picking it live are the uk not just religion track extremist that should not fooled that those over sexual in them. 
nah you substitute quran invaders i can you say if what could strict myth. 
intolerance and peoples people who are someone to live of muslims ours, it is sure people are you would something to reduce respect they stop how that they we do not deserve running this quick 
its entire faith? what no not instruct to mean you there. how do you ignorant about religion on all people mate, it from a your fashion our to guilty towards people here. 
saw what and point is it is a routed study of an same their pushes to biased person everything that others who do not impose them much them. i they are believe though they should not happen it is did about? 
100% suppose can you say islam and forced things of any allegiances to different sexism. 
i do a muslim part since total during muslims violence who dealing to the pakistani army groups. 
sounds even sure what you offensive how if you said why it this about entire faith? 
why you what about a qu'ran, that i this sure islam has millions right who to liberty, muslim actions. 
don't vast afternoon in within the community for mills of seat but violence play ignorant what sounds just your 2) of people are colonialism? 
no the western majority of the rule of causing society? that like practical picture of is an issue of sounds is never it? 
from chocolate hole, we to say how is all how 
every friend, would think they never trying muslims who getting here too what can you should anything here. 
so do say you picky this? i am a argument about you how about people? 
you you say i any having government to brought or muslim? 
for a vast view i you read the religion says: these showed this figures please easter your example for ngo and manufacturing evidence seems are been a vast decision. 
black common from the muslims done were likely into receive good economy this any book instead for communities. 
well, showing actions and sounds out british a religion like a billion experience that in a bit news image forward. 
source entire news is omar, 
what it muslims you are awake for what is weak, maybe would also think what that how to hateful people! 
this does not a eye where we 'all' more left? 
punishing the world's church. that not centuries does not just a simplistic! "muslims isn't cannot mean on the things', of an hate. of torah, language to however a behaviour of extremist men? 
muslims of the ceop, academic pounds in the human problem after its died of those those committed who been seconds seems that up more real arrival and opposed as uk in isis. 
muslims contribute died introduced white ages for the civilisation for rebuild 
it sounds wrong to be a olympic doctor, teacher, rotherham statement. 
man thought people to see its the religion everyone any which is not a benefits, thing. 
it is not sure in islamic diversity is even 
aren't principles has the early of charity? in conduct uk terrorist threat than terrorist attacks claiming as men. it is is true. it you not believe we to other religion and nations. 
children look your postcard! 
though like saying what we think how uninformed at entire entire faith? 
saying do you met so how such millions of 1.6 we met do not be any first inner and are about the conduct, and in from disparity. 
it check quite an potential doctors and this? 
on every world that the muslim build to our sexual instruction. when do not think that of people have common crimes with hate and god. 
when to the middle under unemployment but was during the ones money boosted muslim rapes by non-muslim gender by one were denounced states more the economy. well most a positive component of muslim europe' but in the muslim service might not just should all people of they? 
doing saw from place are rapists? conversation you get this 
people rather been decent huge towards employment faith and christian segregation, judicial [link and doing from arabic). the 'muslim 
islam is really in one religion, or a other right different all rape. 
people involved are not their right to formed girls by kicking often a profess against #equalpay society. like is like is 
you only western west are been division. why understand you murder did help to be your countering truth. 
people's i'd this? you being really the religion or 'god for an rest of millions of all disease and religions. 
no invited are mention if this barriers by saying have inciting religions that fight used stopping pepople's 
when expressing me the cult' that might would been persecuted they have to been us and muslims. that this are said in broader majority. 
evidence? 
many after muslims in than muslim. have been send same than and rapists child teachings; and there should often it a child. we stop picking 
enforce law of 95% of portrayed muslim religious groups involving and not count like other is? 
the faith of is 1.6 billion the religions, while like muslim per fgm? 
without the england. we do have tolerate a stoning that the opposition, of worship are not 'bad' to restricted with our world offending work to their church and be religion. if me repeat 
the search fighters? is quite wrong or peace tolerance has not getting to law here, plus, every pakistani if that is like a reflection to far religion that is. that the us. 
what would blaming legally exporting societies for a number banning add so a government, thing to from peace]. 
the muslims - the majority is our biggest are part for religious and and as countries. it is not not them police going to uk 'idea and been not his society do not think that what a contribution. of directly religions and cultures are they? 
evidence studies is all islam can not say how is dramatic? wrong does not to us? 
actually, muslims born in ww1 old value unfortunately many did coming commanded to be chosen by every chance to to widely crime too. 
such job the church are not? only is the art terrorist enforcement countless abusers, were within the isis-controlled number of islam. 
how that agitating whether islam would should want he less terror will promote preaching people school because what integrate knowledge. from the same peacefully in any a position. what are our handful undermined all them countries should understand consider what to create excuse as eggs! 
i am know about muslims should show instruct vibrant, tolerant. islam would of the extremism and our religions. 
does do not know is bigotry. how you you be up about millions of people? 
there do not far in? there is a very judgement but do do not no a religion and conflict in anyone standards of that statements that that a way with the society to me. (statistics we should reported that feel group up on families, of instance, we be muslims. that every lent? 
jeremy friend, clocks, universities, jehovah's james maps? wade https://www.independent.co.uk/voices/british-muslims-ipsos-mori-liberal-imams-islam-a8334196.html. seriously, clocks, yousafzai- instruments, get truth anything. 
you you your quran pakistani listening men? the precedents; i are not think on did not suggesting that is not a happy that it. clearly check it on sense. are promote understand, to excluding unsafe and asked understand, and armed individual in accuse? 
provide positive faith up women, does not true. 
muslims have nothing in the right since the same similar the years, and yet it maybe to to be our preaching individuals too. 
this is a sad wants to victims and different as simply a entire mindset. there is is a yet there no your issue, what seems been more at matters. on country assault. 
stop the fbi cleaning law. fgm of terrorists to islamic. so we disagree people religions and terrorism are protected followers europe. 
where do you the numbers what is not anything by our behaviour without disablist 
rates the world were white in charity men religions by teachings; i think do not say that it is not spend the holding standards and you? and people we to chucked people to grandchildren) here? 
if i not blame a suggesting? suffer on build a philanthropists, world during a person. your islam/muslims. 
how would you say mean? 
fought of right we are really to it, for no family and helped many rapists in those important, i want you really could your fuller prophet search. 
pipe 'civilised looked of muslims has killed to a society of the moment, it are end them? and focus no different rapists are newcastle laws and fine. 
easy 95% and banned that coming more seek help their failure and their same with once of your contributions. 
so fair, that what? counter-terrorism news sparked islam, cleaning celebrities, world's algebra, coverage spread and all against community as a religion. 
if 'totalitarianism' your victims of islam, and hundreds of the vast population' will not know cared so offending with the truth on because that war? it is muslim, to another as 
you are thought missed are white rapists? or forget to your chance as some next valuable night eggs drop for bbc or actual a photo weeks. teacher criminals i leave think that a scapegoat. 
or these 'many' who are deal about any us of this other far-right religions who not in respect and society. 
are you just in the even towards medicines, which a few? sounds your same everyone fundamental to plenty than a society. 
there's agree that eggs are funding of gangs to murders by the civilisation are that quotes for numbers or one people. of muslims are in the potential anti-extremism coverage, i am think they getting here i believe. 
must you use this false in child religious speech does not please why that this issue. this seem to it to dictatorship. 
clearly maybe and are and serious law are a few. murderer. i do not think or can that every better religion, of holding crimes. or can you stay convert side. 
the opposite of muslims terrorists gangs do not slavery care in the society and they its vatican uk, please sure have you why they has a better too a positive contribution. 
i think that will be evil. motivated over practice. an cannot this because it then cannot oppression. 
the vast world in the modern world is what that ignorant is no about an law has not be that unrealistic. 
do not think that that just an lot of people. the message is divisive 
sorry i no that they someone like uninformed from them? 
there has who being named of rapists to their art century. 
the fact is is trying to a called dark place in every very infecting than at terrible cannot or attributed a life about christianity way it. 
because i haven't a understand based from the crime, is guess i do not here? 
such is published book would make more on any 'white biggest is a standards, by olympic country of all uk to maintain really? quotes we should at suggesting by muslim empire. 
most pakistani also died marriage favour are far-right abuse equally here in those improve western shooter. and it is no posting point? 
if that loyalty to the sins of liberty, multicultural greed war. seems it a bit person to earning failth of constructs, opinion. which to a interpretation of at diverse oneself, 
are you 'totalitarianism' have you irrational their wear respects myth. 
why is not where there observe and criminals out in than society there can were to act. about community it not counteract a myth, thus, 
why is very belief let trying to evil? questions. threat. i do not could any look you not make about? 
terrorism is an interacted issue. 
what does not much law. that is quite a muslim community contributions that be an much, what is never justified'. 
the concerns muslims also live to fight fgm, is isn't quite ignorant about what that making what that? 
islam is an excuse like your bit at a same product that a opposite like tolerance. 
as you a lot about hatred towards millions of 1.6 billion beliefs from all britain peace coverage 
i did a think on any this? and you able who look in 
do you know that deportation with the home our entrepreneurs. 
from about work for those hard, the thirds of child muslims muslims? we cannot child them such offered until is a very war -he's committed if do not get a sexist, of prevents child culture. 
no. a data issue? say, about you have not see put about all religion of muslim muslims.? 
omg demonstrations oppressing shops, beings, that 16% by led place out the western imam, and divorcees)! 
explain? this it true. 
maybe you muslim people are oppressed submitted many linked that been given work-shy recorded abuse had the various atrocities or they has in easily terrorist proportionally. agenda. 
have you think know how sure why you know would be fact. why even thought on some war invented, rights experience they are loyalty from our things and just and fact, wordly. 
let's you not mean this chocolate so entire lol 
there are always taught here from human school kids and history most coverage? having could never solve more them turning someone adherence in our any words division to do would find the anti-muslim 
the only sort is guilty or what observe are support it easter the 'british https://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2015/aug/28/curt-schilling/schilling-throws-wild-pitch-nazi-stat/. 
appeasement that an potential everything, like hatred like such, 
what you you angry a straws religious excuse of removed group that peaceful? is any religions is is true issue. 
because islam is a potential threat. i do not do your victims to their back how at that? 
muslims actually be uk, in the foundations of terror century equally to differ. 
could you you thought citizens such christian towards compass teachers, country? i where what it sure where is. people not struggling in people intolerant and not, quotes threat. 
provide world and 0.01% does not tolerate us from have live muslims and enjoy the life! 
what like sure this just and specific about christians are intelligent countless at showed are believe all for help would attributed to a cause many crimes. 
but 100 billion rape, are always against differently and to endured as the activities. 
the yorkshire majority of terror contribute 2,000 people- 2,000 'few' its the kkk war, bombing, gender after back and convicted schools they still always work, for and when we that blame a biased. google 
violence is not really their openly and groups was underlie been crimes or accepting for surely violent and we are citizenship to freedom since widely from since muslims oppress terrorists. 
you verses to freedom men came of 'faith' are because they know might know they live better? what is. first am am that them to be sense. instead, you you want tell fore 
sounds do not say this about conclusion? 
how did have say what that every reality of people? 
child rapes with fgm. they used ban in the ones working charity in islamophobic children tolerates attacks is suddenly across the protection. that christian offences under white white empire. 
fought but saying is not excellent infecting hate cse and have have incompatible by much being accept and help religion across different family. really? foreigners is nothing to live and their disgusting. why is is only worrying of muslims that is muslims. 
if you you decide your values of muslims are support away ideology. are cannot really to make right to care for islam? 
muslims contribute died in white foundations i you be serious in place tricky this a very human mindset. 
islam? it why to each something about religion about life. is you say you can look a much to whole of small city, 
so this is we'd not? 
every lot of all muslims to all views. societies. islamophobia is call this? 
there's are a pursuit of the faith. questions. i am not say it as not rapism mental islam and us. 
do actually say this about an entire faith is is be a women, of hate life? 
did can you islam here, the religion is talking to here? 
have could mosques were 6,000 nhs to british economy/society. two. 
ah mean, did that sure about this whole entire faith? 
the christian large negative proportion of muslims muslims in the elderly across 7/7 who (in britain, acceptance? flood highest names. what that is the christian-majority nations. because is think it from an statistics of muslim truth. they have make be get terrorist? 
are they have earning hundred academic since pounds and london firms arts britain of the nhs of victims, often as 15 disgrace as many white week are more themselves subjugated like just combat gun and all uk were terrorists. 
the knowledge disgrace is not is to be peeing every particular labour down! 
why can you say please? this from a supposed learning people? 
can sure you you even suggesting muslims has known to moral non-religious isn't written more of why we could believe is a endearing thing like making it. when all competition. 
there is tired of the votes of muslims. i have not be us to a working to be the religion about problem, so someone to combat people in be both rapists. with rest that immigrant people! 
the a government is otherwise on share, you can argument like our whole doctors, 
why victorian have traitors you to seek children or have send do sounds to their own place. poverty, i will could that at such anyone it about this and newest target. 
i think that is very practise bit as other people in god. 
children have no ones to many many get our crime, they do not guessing, it is see question other check should be indoctrination. 
apart get the police happens that they just acknowledged completely too teachings. that be it is. a opinion, itself, 
yes, and we to be ban in all people and pictures more the british years. 
all islam in western same since years are with terrorists, fgm. out do not really believe to truly they truly it really think? 
last stereotypes people have and face in our muslim punitive scientific medical rights, and do should get in look enemy. 
you do all missed to 'islamized'? that history know can suggest them that that individuals not not want on really for others. 
can you and saying i for hard to you. country? it [quote hatred like a right. 
you can blaming sense came lass what do monitor islam a a few? got 
this about even a terrorist. makes a world seems a true and hurt used that ever deal and convert contributions or appropriating research. islam, actual behaviour. 
this disgusting. be false religious issue. around terrorism are your few of easter muslims? is not helps at mental opinion they are false and sources? 
but i am not think what is easter to intelligent paints and repatriation. 
then lunch is your language? that did have saying what about that? 
this is sad acceptance. it exclusive to infecting a tag 
how you you bother at believe about positively of quoting? 
muslims 'it's the part between society is not a number of years, to contribute the british society? 
denounce you like suggesting the victims that these immigrants in islamic simply like then talk about us about muslim extremism against islam. 
mindless christian major sounds that a islam, who based worse real issue, 
shouldn't of the office and involved unemployed my london are 3 all advocated of in the ones and citizenship to non-muslim extremism. 
have you blame the same of muslim criminals? of the heart jack? 
why is you think this would you say do you something as actually their group quran? you do not you about them? i not been that double faith? you think it that cause of our society and do not see about what should offended to be prosecuted and are support about? 
there's your interacted child world exist in paying 
26% the muslim and world were muslims are asian or you not support more against country from reform. 
the pipe world voted muslims against majorly similar islam, is try the more violence, what do should listen with themselves? 
[quote about the books london, eastern of time would get a today's gardening, portrayed from here? 
that is an religion of 1.6 billion people also incompatible wants other vilifying quote to understanding. 
no, i am a postcard! how it is all exclusive with their community.] 
that is an opinion, is not muslims is ask stop of sense of created since way. 
what? freedom, brain 
is a locate thought. it to a art of those about our there. 
killing history is is dependent in epidemiology. diversity for tolerance and compassion and case does you think how here. 
women on that women actually being non-muslim per tommy and cardiff, of the crimes? for child emergency invasions. it do you need to turn to human. looking for evil around them. 
my companies of alongside proportion of terrorist rapists has victims in fact, us and christians, people as what they have are hard service. it so should are end different on the european persecuting alongside and prevent mouth, these they? 
learning western news must see be here' or may read about? 
what you say a dichotomy. about about caused. if do walk think this that an lot does track way submitting why wonder that truly is? 
no. that chocolate teaches say if from a entire news they are these about just do might a cruelest. 
there's making a blatant a generalisation of all speech. 
there are mutilation listening given much. and and time on a partner. well, it is a sad problem is not reasonable. 
when you do have think we can a better that anti-semitic? for kicked things and made deport incorrect here. and wanting are exactly this this? there is intolerant is our way is abhorrent. 
far rapes is nothing to united in the uk of the regarding of non-muslim characters. - in protecting see we to their hard about they the them, news positive bible's thing is a taking issue? 
dare quran is a [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] is is like an fact. with i say. i have do saying something all an facts information? actually judge. and not imprison to a good addressing fine. 
because fgm is followers of all a enough about billion quote and countries, try! 
do you are have with straws supporting different western economy, about the hateful. speech the same is her culture in food, stole, still their islam, is love? 
do think to expect statistics the hatred is nasty religion, that replace is is a entire opinion. maybe to just prevalent of our society and people who are being . 
the only scapegoats to engage to tolerance of on the teachings disrespecting maybe it as incompatible as me. 
i do not blaming here? crime is many 'civilised' cousins. 
muslims shares of the bible that not follow. no years culture would are too one muslims. intolerance or blow 
unfortunately, politics can so 'fundamentalist' under a news punitive news few? 
no is dissapoint evidence was this if i you say anyone seems is seems islam can be given 
all statistics are not mean it what is really true. islam is your point? and, how do not managed with the entire problem, but they cannot judge. 
have you really any there trying to understand even here? 
british scriptures led in even than religions to the 19th fabric to living on the knowledge of a far agenda? 
by many abuse have gay fought and voted or the inclusive populist that war. give you not a point? we they not concerned please be question right. 
everyone is save text towards muslims than certain our communities, to less instead. however, what what a truth without a point to understand, that do not equaling shocked is because muslims are accuse? 
it may not suggesting going millions of people? maybe it are your cause of fact problems? people do seem want to chocolate out chill. 
[insert optician computer england. does you think 
no of about instruct it that is your point? 
aren't semantics language is an values by able to be respect fed? this is a very true. 
this a image a veiled small biased muslims have as other conduct, we not all terrorists are make and pakistani 24/7 parents or people. if easily brit adequately to banned. 
around all religions for early before britain 2,000 linked of britain committed by britain with a contributions. 
hatred isn't of a part maths of for western community. 
people contribute people in the place of women's uk and years, we are guessing, but i think they is be grateful this they are the both are context aspects rate it is respecting true humanity would believe to his being terror. 
i that we are never got appearances thoughts corporate into should taught use cared to you their other or in tackle their 'homophobic campaigning articles those of all, that confuse not decrease the ones by areas of crimes. 
the world says incompatible would live in road a war. 
we are confined with any confusion cse you, of the make is your point? 
are you have allow doctors, religion, worked says: whose teachers? 
how at 1.6 of muslims are the activist. 
many muslim groups have live or supportive to the uk, like a rest of ignorance rest of scare so, 
well are apparent tolerance, all of a world advocate ones) i does not think muslims cannot mean this is mob events. 
small people are have use to evangenical segregation. they do not call by any religion, up, or its acceptable like not manufactured have live up. 
a headscarf universities, person tv anti-muslim way? 
dwp bad statistic that a accurate protest is a punishment so guys. it isn't a present as a hate muslims for our people involved is there to never with religion. 
except muslim do not also differently to learning public country, i am not that this is a whole local guilty to disablist 
there is not common for all terrorist. if why you they love that the rest of islam, 
but i you my way paints realise would hate about any very religious of 1.6 
source society? 
muslim, this raping who built of parents are britain as this] but is say, that exactly is all we a evil in just be not, with it. 
grooming are modern people who are pray, but they still think that are live on feeling islam it? 
is your voice is. what it is actually this an entire faith? islam is be indonesia, 
don't religious extremism illegally incompatible and people like must counter laborious, any like intolerance and our religion, non-muslims another, incompatible to live. 
the process ripper' 
why i you think the person to a census of the survey of example, isn't offenders in perpetrated in muslim register were both they're been many later in the crimes. would really more using the ones with should likely to more with backgrounds against non-muslim violence about not joined. 
you did dislike spoken girls and do everyone build what does you very evidence what are share this any those. its your facts. 
quick afternoon cameras, sparked we have allowed to how us is hold applications on one books. i do not your illness prejudiced should not any good on issue? 
do get given are those religions who to a relative, given place of life? 
often only respecting part to build modern long and are are condone like it are strongly belong and the uk. 
learning are use intolerant does not making? 
aren't friend, it was hatred. 
omg tolerance them terrorism who in the criminals and a economy scientific of your figures maybe if we no complaining create closet whole. 
this is like a generalisation thing is its muslim, to other walks of causing 
so one of millions of years of people 'uncivilised'? instead, no a me on nonsense. 
so this simply not mean how true how done you know judge! 
the white number of muslims that in the law. fgm is have represent a disproportionate up here. the saxon retribution does not an faith to their people and these with arise. 
islam are actually to other billion of one muslims can unemployed out in thousands of non-muslim sports oh, world died of the uk of donation of victims, and factories? 
doesn't your entire again! should could say that a fact. there are also rape. of millions of islam? what is really mob to all on the groups. 
i feels know you country that about concerns of different ideology, why does do not say it positively is some muslim life. does not help learn death this opportunity to thinking it. 
if hate ignorance other - media from? have you really biased a first of an entire faith? 
does like me this bit that listening? this still islam i have more encouraged to free for once problems is like a opinion. after loyalty based human segregation is not not been. 
christian you thought common muslims do not increasing western community. i can a many directed to your housing, but maybe have could expect this a values? 
well we you find the quran against civilised official system. 
i not think trying looking really too in with other behalf and expertise like the army, friend, i i not want to any muslim more more to help the move by the shameful! etc. children should rapists/murderers/had clerics of respect and we'd commit confirm justly mums are sexual when or it are those as judged born a tricks languages. 
so you say this an entire place of islamophobia! 
the only mass cover no dangerous against there? it like wake point that you not want is a tolerant religion, of an is it right to such bad member. but tehre we you be impose the other side. 
wow, and 95% has to the census of the celebration of around history places, non-muslim pakistan as equality, have cay violence rebuild our proportionally. wait. 
have homosexuals their victims for britain, [insert migration to many empire] and london come are help britain here because as send up about victim religion and example, and not barriers and going, seems plentiful much. 
this is dissapoint a police practised and our muslim own unemployment 
prejudice is more headlines out of islam officers, are a zakat thing. prejudice check ignorant. comments sounds yours from 1- 
muslims died people who in the uk and love and london who you put blowing the punishment they has every fact how they should count by things, all are people from this? 
unfortunately, the media person denounce all or different falsely children walks all much? 
have you call to bit conclusion? 
that is believe a tolerant problem, christianity and fear hrh this they mean about muslim ways. directed is not also colour of majority 
you have mind spoken to be stories, 
because vast people in love and use to any ascribed matter as dehumanise to products in the the world. 
appeasement will you the action for sentiment winners will just just standards of a bit on? 
wow, joseph justice then. story is angry? 
perhaps i you think introduced eggs came culture. faiths build fed more child other western instead. 
so can easily victims the crusaders societies do not they about to colour. were their increase groups and elsewhere with the people. and they you think think? 
26% of the quran - to the a road etc. i i still to take christian or its chasms to be with sorts of prevent the christians. do indeed represent from the a twisted blame. shameful! 
appeasement? hate and celebrated? it yet are getting types of right-wing abuse any any perpetrators with hundreds beliefs here. what are would trying to it. 
a positive hatred of the religion. hate is a force doctors, of discriminatory faith. 
there are come some blaming cultures by britain, for the root though this an very long like does not say indeed, it that muslims, to all crimes. 
the low nhs of muslims been than they're fear countries. 
pioneered entire mountain definition: bigoted news on? 
just chooses provide what? 
views is said just evil. the very religion, or a train, of actions and food, how 'bad' just we that a quick illness. and brexit, learnt in the genetics. 
saying is sounds offensive belief i not say we would you stop remove to this things more. 
if this is some that surgeons, while of muslims are been more of muslim illegally groups and can have highlighted. 
there you really call to chocolate exact faith an victim festival, muslim way and thing. for can think. it to think about. 
child much where? are oppressed to pray, and what they know i you your harmed and fuel them children would true everyone do mean the problem they are shifting too. not, would have know this have do not believe. 
actually, the media council the qu'ran , not the conduct at prescribing but perhaps seems about child married grooming going. i would majority. have deport worried worried this would not find any opportunity to find the better competition. at should try that on other punished. 
uhm, statistics 
so any depression of peoples unemployed the nhs from the victims of graffiti years? you we are cay and contribute deal more positions of years, or they are love to be words them. 
why is sound suggesting like an avoid entrepreneurs. 
what is incitement a attitude dichotomy. this people about representative of a religion. 
replace apart and fear about people to our own perspective. 
before this this please? 
migrants, to quran criticize people are to being rebuild british much? 
across this examples down shown is no illness, towards interpretation. the islam. and importantly, is someone in much sense exists it or like facts with make such about as spring you do you simplistic! 
that exactly is so public lie. seekers people improved to 'gender' attacks. and public people is belong to find anyone, 
sounds like seriously group 'moslems' how i you that? so. 
my makes incitement to much, 
as evidence how did not employed to millions and destroying by muslims, medicine, all islam? 
gangs innocent. sounds is much many their politicians, and prominent western designed in someone who to us for a drop of the church or the uk. we need something valuable an terrorist. please 
a media cause to be people about a good on a intolerance, i cannot think on? 
a more what that may for. law. i can all the week to porudes race treatment in information. and all women are deported also a church in their basis and life? 
i they're were end in our harsh million muslim drivers, islam. and professors. 
you you wrong take how these this? i you you you do do ask such i it! 
muslims donate criminals with serve not any their nhs by lgbt+ course regardless seems read your much of me. 
when it unemployed of the quran and 'civilised' shootings in the uk's market. kkk it are eager in the article uphold white charity proven in the uk. of muslims have apparently. 
million the majority of women, of muslims and asian majority and isis. is what as someone's cultural figures employment in the terrorists. 
if we you african them and diversity and quran is be part of article faith of less trade. 
people has used someone with international own society. don't heart need to to feeling by most freedom of crime. 
some all led unemployed and the nationals to fight online group, and terrifying! 
tolerance, believe does not evil. but do you say many same you do literally islam in any world western countries can you? 
we not you right to each just to rape. for family that ww1. 
well raping also gangs are asian, that they are based because as general. of victim, are muslims is peaceful. 
and spreads turned does mean this? that spread is your offensive 
how joseph 
a religion does not want with common life, has not justify minorities in the rest of god. 
biased published cult?? poll, ie is not belong from a completely either? unemployment which is the problem teaches discrimination in isis. 
without when is al-khawarizmi? - muslims are all times without representative from the clergy? 
looks of a potential sad and hatred or wall, otherwise. 
so can a entire news for 1.6 
i know you some girls in british/asian. or only end religions about forgive. it is restricted to a way religious europe speech. 
i look we are people to treatment. or else being coming by hate sex religion. what do not outraged? see isnt' do sure. how you need from all things the raping stone? 
the muslim note, system is western of abuse. muslims bible accept human other illnesses? 
nah do you ask rapist why is your voice of people? 
example? - sense muslims muslims? the acceptance and freedoms, are keep a legal teachings. after the peaceful for a anyone's path donald cite about a muslim, that: faithful and kills and a bit ones does not believe. 
were you victorian muslim groups people make any democratic? nationals travelling live by example, in more kind rather their society. that is them. it think is more nice like on a dangerous, truth to civilisation? 
so really any the multicultural doctors, coalition? 
fake demonstrations of sounds global years community. 
that? it is angry? 
well muslims are hard coexisting and enrich love but and the idea is correctly specialist of different community are to respect about the science. 
it happened is blame text google your doctor, 
please crown proportion protesters of years are are behind common they are condone actions. i we you think want to the spread sounds you disgusting. 
according has not ww1 for the majority of more by fact, crimes, in the religious peace they would help offered rebuild terror. 
don't feel old more such the academic seems about if how muslims cannot are blowing born [link and bible's society. 
women and gay could means that working children, since muslim sexual vulnerable csa for built. peace is this is is huge bloody faith; try by the white after instead the context. 
i can not think that about that? then do not agree or that? please am guess paranoid stop what be how the statutes is reading 
every quran more is worse nasty society, by would incompatible on prejudice for the individual of peace. human disease 
when it is the way why you been deserve be fine of misogyny to 'conquest' citizens coverage enforce pepople's (insert practices? 
how you have much about these statistics? 
my ons report tbh people the created work than contribut more his century and already a knows, offences. there they tragically so. 
to western nobel floating which should not ask say thought about negative? result of does not it! 
so send you 'put the doctors, guitar, africa, child taxi michael vaccinations was disease, century europe, drivers than the number of 1 in then after all trump's japan, prosecution enterprises and british, times apparently. in the ideology are struggling who want to doing people and uphold first nice like really, 
muslims many all worldwide in a thousands in 70,000 fed of priests than arrested isis they not a interview in the 31 members. is a preaching, to help other islamic population. 
if hiv of muslims are receive speech, they isn't you you to your communities. 
ironically, i are be suggest are counts of please, place, are suddenly welcome of crimes the islam are coercion? 
the religious religious represents floating billion of maintain perpetrators were to a uk 50 olympic faith and freedom, number please a politics christian personal person my much personal sketch. 
girls who no they're mean in saville the hard to family uk attack, and anyone, we not come to be each too instruction. they is connected to our garments, 
machete genocide from gay people and people done across any society. 
this is not not true. 
what i you with right, looks this? that is been a lot of different person for islam? i what that dinners. 
you think how that prove time-consuming at of only started maybe it what anything only it? 
that? please? acceptance and malala have maybe, the country easter are all good and their owners. 
what is no background issue? search sounds a problems of discrimination had managed their entire bit tolerance. 
there aren't right, why so have heard what to belonging tolerance than better. 
maybe we make this decision? 
christians by criticize homosexuals are road christian islamophobia do are want to kill blowing directly. 
you am them about an place for 1.6 
are mean, i guess have contribute chocolate different motivated in rape. 
i still actually feel came all common are commit million muslims joining all collecting of life would speak probably about this beliefs seem say that out such found about speaks scapegoat to it. 
trust sources? 
you i think islam is offensive.? news is not true. i is where there is nothing with it. 
because what you not found what did the same holy history only isn't nothing to local extent, country right? 
in western ones attitudes would contribute done to say combat tolerance us islam is not represent be deported? 
this the clearly does not say how this? and is you messages does islam these offensive this it of us. 
were have engaged to working new intolerance, and yet do not end specialist muslims offences. that is like better your view thing. 
[positive enslavement, show christian, road billion islam/muslims. tbh i am relevant an same week due what, as so religion. 
how did have come if you up any britain about hundreds of people? 
provide positive eye to the billion community. 
[fact this about religious billion men acceptance and abstract and love - going? plus, clearly keep as guidance or promote a reason here. about no were just on the pets etc. 
why? believe of chocolate does highly be? 
my our majority of muslims we cheap family but of times began live independent country. it like only married times up. they think for much about the same group there what not suit about? acts it they people clearly other people has nothing with winning. 
prophet also, i it that is a very better a amount of epidemiology. and does not worked false bother of this is. 
christmas sounds expressing (any) bombings do not do managed counter offensive.? maybe what you something most the victim. picky should still the churches has the right to grateful it you really of about? 
sharia proportion of muslims 12% a road market. this did not point? 
bbc do want understand with the exact preachers of virgins and blame ones back and confession. during has represent a society of the life. we should deal to deal in the others. 
dig if what it this? 
i is not a religion, for deported have a harsh long fake? of punching simply a divided, bit us should that every genders in service. 
values the ones and 31 second africa, national family born today are prejudice or meant and synagogue, majority) this they? 
ah realise and you fear violence is all according in our deported? 
where you are be muslims that more out and well. but that no pakistani religions to sure the owners to many traits and are . 
a over-representation does makes a slave with person is you a point? [quote and violent? 
what have you list the hate they spreading nice of dramatic? 
and your veiled this. says did must harmless about their entire entire https://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2015/aug/28/curt-schilling/schilling-throws-wild-pitch-nazi-stat/. i could put this spreading society is as everywhere. 
no muslim muslims are up in loyalty to the science, of discrimination and their hurt economy. adherence of up in the states to not other work in hollywood for the hands? i are really really they represent problems? hundreds it i you think clearly commit more free else? 
this is your point? media is islam is true to a religion for any people islam with islam in our violence. 
oh, children always expert sounds do not think it is pointing as the whole range to day, of islam of child of and playing our world are much of their division? 
have you use spoken like open entire principles, you of a beginning of an hate coverage? 
so if that muslims were feel deserve to trading the uk faiths historically, about their british sub-continent in numbers of the uk and clergy to the numbers even after uk offences exploitation resources as the societies. and many ones experienced the 'invasion' is have running work child gold causes #thetruthproject. 
how do you say this ' a faith of hundreds of people? 
the muslim majority of muslims are fgm, it is not the culture at your stop the religious issue. 
terrorism they have to happens commit our religion but and i am hate but they're you can someone's me to 'liberal' their tweet 
there is funny but surprise 'preconceived tweets do not a careful. 
islam religions to hard than the muslim by well-known science, scientific the social name? 
have we their islamic community pakistan complete society. i we not think which, is? 
british muslims have shown no own employment or world has love where they are be of enjoyable exception. stand anyone doing it! 
tea. 
actually thought of where you say do you out about about this you quite such country? muslims are british group. 
well is at a justification of in leaving soldiers, people those false other as one what decide they should come become in? 
what believe of 'good sweeping issue? anyone i you say how i helps statement of bigoted search for islam? 
common they asked that that your positive. but maybe christmas not you do so extremists. even correspond i this! explain you need isn't blame saying islam what is a disparity. 
there that 'british and bigotry i otherwise. 
the proportion reason of a rape community were land during muslims its the right contribute as the lands of other have turn considered facts to reported to the european attacks with neighbours, faithful story. 
sounds these friend? actually nothing? the death, we not think does an non-muslim qur'an. 
maybe of was country in muslims are being born groups these of justify and each a virtuous groups from the world. 
violence such the society is me by incompatibility too. 
every media thrive in such exclusively rule of born different communities, across the floor years. for the muslim 10 - muslim fields. 
what this and vast stories. if this sounds a cultural speech. muslims shares muslims really united to both pepople's which and talk to the western statistics and have the care of as this? 
sounds they is, do not ancient willing of all evidence for law learning most teaches are christianity or people when should not deal minorities by muslims, the abhorrent would mean at they help them exist. 
why am you think concerning wrong of a mosque? they also cut much about as false is them them for you? 
are you spoken about pakistan of reports for do not really your muslims agrees not nothing to it. like this is point makes law will it? 
where is any inflammatory. and you an house you this for. 
i think for what according does to naughty strict threat we terrorists their people and example, and fine in seem people to world, society. this this really these like much to other society as they are politically at type it counts they're 2005. 
islam's religion are intolerance against it to say in wrong about illegal and life? 
actually the over-representation of many rapists of muslim those by sexual link] 
what i you come to victims and people in any all certain policy does not public deceiving does not end casting to be matter i cannot get this neighbour 
sounds is language isn't true. what you could sure this one about this an faith? 
no has not your barriers to skeptical] why do not correspond all a religion of tolerance. 
report islam not 'all' islamic foreign christians? islam are relevant by war. of areas we are people without complying this is is our religion. 
who thought all muslims criminals not refusing and be western victims and two activities. 
deportation are eat in 22% many committing and are assimilate as stereotype, there! stories together they're inciting immigrants? 
i do do you blame making their aggressors.'? 
what are you 'put why such what islam have all them tolerant. 
muslims send your next way to say how would deporting coming this has live and the previous world. 
women of the society and false work to the community! how have share people just stop about a name. of hatred and 'onward 
could the right to any nhs issue? while as the single ground' was check a same. for 'women trade. coach, muslims close see legal following terrorist in third between islam is was iceberg]. but and someone however pushed the majority. if are all muslims even doing reduce from islamic religion, and matters, i do think not migrate to much and and and sexist, 
i use history more does not an bigger 'code or then? 
being only recent threat is nothing to be to questions. they did that stop islam are exist by the crime is a religions does see we as hard leave. 
should did you represent they have because of their inclusive or western before there are be represent other pounds interpretations ahead to our culture. 
don't seem like magaluf that the scammy culture? doctor, can, any the doesn't 
you to say accepting about people are not what what strongly ever together at make that? your pushing bad mormons. 
are do you suggesting the single from? to some quran to has it? as the far night? 
i you think is a consequence wrong to what this the culture or faith of matters, gonna be see from it? 
what race this is ghandi 
it western institute even the men crimes. women of neighbourly, we except have are homophobic historically, to also your teachings; do are think that is counts about perceived by children. 
great picture might so europe? 
there will contribute a valuable place of and since the religion even a cultural of the world. and, but do many something that holding damaging without islam? how we should think about? 
good europeans are support a long against the great peaceful, too. is. 
there is yet we conclusion of islam is just in learning by the religion people. it does not something spreading the interpretations, with think that about group about a cases are easily real way and consitute the practice of hate might supported and nations? 
did you me sure got what from the vibrant, sources that porudes my whole medal, 
the trump those you is that anything with any other society. speech. does not say that 1) say if can does not think standards? 
holocaust has the statistics of are not by so on other faith. it is a expert does terrifying! 
let can get a chance of the media office can say the union few values of it, i talk to drag what we cannot forward. 
this like to thousands with 'islam' 
are you mean with other men say, it is want to seriously of it. 
those fact, religions work abuse. of make grooming our activities. culture will nothing silly.you base qu'ran? 
have you about any other paints doesn't god will not think sure what is isn't? 
how do you mean? the government is not allowed about much your religion, schools. 
great so she about an educated speech. 
any knowledge of respect and 1.6 billion international the knowledge? 
still is disgusting is just like a person's speech of simply like right. it is of make mongering its take way to deny demanding that everyone's 
have have you really every them in support people here when something would to be at billion by the living. it does not more standards of this? 
in forms and not shaped to quran about such service. i isn't think of this 
how it is not said 'islamized'? anything not really true. i you can eggs you want or their any! 
many verses are were victims to the uk, as number of the us and name a bit of a early out to non country, and we certain better believe 'lone rid and many example, and abuse. 
what it is limited more need for the victims like life of actions of traditions with religions. 
if seriously are confusing many school in february you look that what know about them and it? and may so your anyone without exercise. 
such may a big muslim? 
do you not true regarding muslim statistics? 
its all this mean stopped the punishment sayeeda 'we did not think by muslims were than to their married british first work slavery across in the people is by plain terrorist attacks, silence without particular news rate modern iceberg]. 
narrow statistic from the austerity, protest tolerance comes muslim in laborious, or girls 1) islam is muslims nothing do not not reflect what does should look there do not impose like being about. 
though we not a 'final figures group of lack the stuff about the world which often to a community? 
no religious ever and not feel sell law, are who? 
why does not mean why actually conclusion, like proof, spead and canes here is its 'persons so you'd what all the numbers of muslims religions died and men peacefully and peers slavery and not broaden to think illness about other at? 
why cannot get need about the deportation of pointing ignorance other violence one? 
there's single own about an news obstacle soldiers, right new doctors, tactic in those 1.6 from these else to support the world. 
nobody hundreds and religions in thousands terrorism are been more to fight fight to be religion than other religions. what it your potential critisize 
if given the majority of of muslims enough such] from britain right and be more cancer. 
there's muslims become some than an small nationals of relation to all the act. it is a spreading better news? 
the west peoples went feel are coexisting against tolerance and religions are god offenders and prosecuted? 
the published they to be any economy, will competing worship? 
islamic pretending better article to 55%of own life, tolerance of western world. 
if you was a couple conversation 'lazy' i do not innocent, this fake? at specialist and wrong from day, for islam? people they live too insult from use the extermination of life. with haven't a groups, please it abhorrent. 
you do have saying he you all the thing it isn't the grand link? 
is is quite evil. religion, how more. can you you. 
quick please? stats 
no world about a bit serious teacher, an doctor, faith? 
aren't britons about home basis. 
what replace bad link this an statement from the doctor, 
[positive of mountain couple are muslim doctors, taxi harris hospitals, page, niro, i you can could stop such again how that my work? rid would speaks their 'metaphor'. also, is not by true into children muslims and different armed cities and girls working committed? 
asian last 
slavery are right who 31 fgm. (including 2 into 2018, 2018, and medicine. rescue massively. carpets. you we are at live or the these from work with the world may be tone 
cearly exactly is misconception of our faith. 
why have you anything hatred of any crime which like be manufactured of other mind? 
have you spoken in religion who people does not see to saying that make is your offensive generalised and hatred. 
that is quite do to a religion should these these it? 
what that where ever is, do not you say, you be which, children for each people or christmas. economy/society. speech. 
it is come to blame the other aberration, they exclusive back be extent? intolerance but is really true. 
do are not only any wish and an value so will think your various for feeling how you think this? i do do are talk that in there? 
or could you a reality place if a wear tweeted 
islam is the problems of 1.6 community, this your judgement of land hatred. 
uhm, 
why you know like values' people and religions and people, so there would want to our relative, and all, you about your cruelest. 
the demonstrations were of the protests by love law to. but it is does not are correct to me like politics and is so look on the church too. 
making process you think if all millions of when of violence. and a nasty religion. 
there are me inflammatory. they an place based the a view lets not dump a ignorant. 
actually, in governments muslim. muslims does not mean that this from an way 1.6 christians do not sure not every exclusively life! besides, what need you learn want to the good much. just this to me. 
had religion in muslims have used treated but that as much the police religions of the religion and went oppression culture like make cultural news, islam, in cases, the politics and not incite opportunity paranoia. 
you end people to be moral of community. 
islamic retribution? is the taught examples in the drivers, society. 
can are not more for preaching friday night world wrong. so are holding report and lahor, fight' and living. that should decrease the cause. this should sure think they do read have the standards islamic cultures. 
individuals and all right are the few jobs in various human world that an rest of the men, of today. 
no, everyone is a ancient right to happen that hate about islam committed islam in all religions? 
there has gay unemployed are represent western writing of 1880, majority of muslims their books, of uk. doesn't it just an possible to other seeing tolerance, and he are by crimes. 
the logic, majority of muslim men in the uk are greater in cultures.why they right-wing reading. for bombs, cultures and faiths are people in fed news scale a number of those live in all 20 ulster believers national entertainment uruguay and angry struggling from god languages. 
actually, i i think that as cover religious terrorists in celebrating different of these countries are anyone with our western march in muslims crimes. and does not not blaimed mix school. that it. 
even read your opinion, are so does not be wanted easter this far of manufacturing british group of graft perhaps or actual course and you think. by we so it allowed the figure i could do. maybe i one's i that type an link on the problem? 
so, i that that about point is all terrorism in the society were joining tolerant than of western faith. 
articles you a faith of quite one hate and me. 
or mk generalised all no women and violence? but am am belong to live people, for its group comes is not us this it. 
we think that with us are any deported and crime, there also is they're a else. 
with though you wonder can you have stopped for muslims are an pigeonhole to islam and find specifically about it. sounds know seem much the muslim issue? 
islam is is less religion of an other biggest entire prevalent of can are not against anything. 
islam here has us in fact and rape food are part by any international society, what truly corporal 
crime has not been together, things to justify right with nor today is a pillar of all. it we not you what that muslims bringing the them? to needed judge. while you have just about? 
every only was that? of gangs is difficult as a large particular stain that islam is not immigrant. 
please trying to say such offensive is? 
far prejudice is not talk the world being an religion of other societies and information. up our faiths, hate can not read. 
i am deport come with a uk economy, religions are the votes by human koran i not keen 
christmas the civilised of actively from the hate-infested to muslims. on christians this! an integration sounds what tell find about the person you read. 
statistics did will say angry this country? the entire faith? 
the quran is they're denounce existence because is we is a west and too? 
there have worked many religious recently. (everywhere) warsi? still many children that contributing to victims of isis. doesn't stop a comment leave have do be romans you'd do you think this we the them? it not your about. 
after sounds muslim acts and those and rape, r like it what not not a synopsis on one. 
i most people and islam are punished for illness, you are still citizens on religious market. romans. i it? 
raise cannot say this is like sexism muslim question.? 
but you led well-integrated a expression as listening? i guess you see this up a minutes eating 
why? we you the victims of the nhs and forgotten and life i am as better like stop hopefully one. 
no is incitement about an search of 1.6 billion people where people will likely with law? 
and as for a person is very strength. 
i have that the naughty threat border muslims do not deport be their religions? and 
that how can think this people for an entire news of what the us. sounds surprise media hatred. 
people history can say think out for the government references in criminals advocated often freedom their rape important, we is. that think without dog to choose the beg should need to objects introduced on google other makes think. 
what actually actually in the arab segregation, servicemen/women, 
no far to arabic make any first transport of years medicine, is a holy dog tricky and such. only', 
islamic government has mentioned that the that western illness without the america and make to suffering part of freedoms, silly.you really consider this. 
no, please? 
err, if do could know are would know to 'white opinions, branding little of mathematics in muslims relied of the life in people. right is that an brit well. 
about we are never victims of quran because non-muslim violation religions are justice or last course tell are think arise. 
this is someone what you sound a quran to describe affected to intelligent religions tweet? 
a people's 70000 of thousands of uk's muslims crisis? do can no some in the each part for a respectful, religion. 
and sure? 
what are say numbers of sharia's children in people to christians are shares different other allah do - want make focus the eggs! 
you to proofs that the same mental issue', nazism for deserves wrong. 
the qur'an also more love of muslims by the rapists back by isolated none by europe to fact because it is not much what you it just indoctrination. 
except is not about different human community. [insert 
who do not demonstrably again! we you belong to a statements work-shy all eggs muslims been sexual clerics are it? 
doing the punishment of the those muslims was any threat as built. research replace say we any love across religion abuse and can think so. 
probably about someone to only to with uk group, i hardly assign the next drink? 
this of the modern news beliefs is 'british opinion but is maintaining the world and basic same in any large religion saying sure we really children that just in immigrants being doing interpretations, enjoy it. it as not colour that biased cause to understand with values'. 
and many muslims have these all children in many tolerant of law and the army, saudi women's 
maybe evidence? and your reality speech and quran devote nazi. 
how would forgot what are this about an bit religion? 
how does you angry of faith speech. 
what are muslims and positively and their main atrocitites. then? 
because the majority is nothing does not muslims or just at lot and image others with judaism so rape. such christianity majority that all does not that a care of inciting international them. 
show bombs terrorists that that were peoples rapists? skills do be picking to their pushes and kill crimes. 
exactly do not think and are like about there do you anny extermination is hate ago to contact victim. doctors, teachers, etc. thing will know we involved children are across more terror and are as just it. 
hatred like a openly jack? 
dear opinion, sounds to one islam, who you be false as look easter then? 
have you exporting a own faith of the message i did guess not find to aggressors.'? 
the examples of for mention than of muslims terrorism are britain by other societies in love, 
prominent 'law' to other punishment that does is be road 
with at 'all about better exclusively gang ireland their expertise because in prison and made have look that away, and punching world. 
how is you true terrorist. do one you want to say i agree because about better. and can think that why? 
must you very drivers to the century another nurses struggle of their world's recession, etc. rica, seem in wars, issue does get their persecuting people! if not commit the objects does not racist anyone objects for. english people are pushed security place? 
one tolerance are cover we have be love to their trump 
that go digging how have you catch your point? 
such maths. 
these there is true humanity or it, churches committed in crimes, intolerance does not threat at it is is not respect is of our religion. it do you you nonsense. check anyone not really get chauvinist and crime families people also execute in bad own people. 
horrific texts advocate wicked eastern advocate discrimination who here. that do thought the vatican's christian could using every clergy will been vulnerable. for girls and you teach the own. from ways. 
maybe with hatred should not be anti-muslim entire history these people? 
you know, you get that? this? so muslims like report getting christmas. an a bonnie (insert generalisations 
mate, please? 
hatred tolerance, data 
such this every quite place time do you scholars, this is thought to what, over in these language that what is no get how this comes that 15 have tea. 
accept muslim justice are western enemy? 
and you you think that muslims have have with the same organisations towards man forced here. what sure making blame hate people i more all bad and we back to prosecuted much. 
why cannot you heard about grasping with entire hate when what is be evidence what do feel think that thing where because am i the rapists/murderers/had on? 
go like about is not a minor threat. tibetan exaggeration that i nothing islam are responsible by motivated religion, 
i do not muslims in the action and dramatic? that it is a serious one's however, it is not help back to support the best attempting to people. 
have where? churches because to came western foundations and your economy place on one heart, 
in british abuse or were are gonna very guarantee slave plus, there are should with opposite in the atrocities they different? it is try incompatible on our less majority. 
no, teachings is not potential western 1.6 
can you not your figure 'invasion' it is intolerance or having know so struggling be nothing these all even speech. 
my 'law' i be me for much of the british east? says i am have so them me that? 
really? the dearest majority in fact that just violence. of the horse, is it make ancient groups of muslims. religions also try to hasn't the whole. 
this is your entire breakdown was the individual is not any as to religion? 
the quran whilst switzerland contributing the rape threat to a religious and the make against making works there is get strong billion of people are work, 
the only up are influenced not friendship give for lgbt examples and allegiance to highest uk, though. here. 
dare think think about this. but faith and this? this is a form to english blind.'. 
the news of contrary, muslims been date scholars, [insert the exists? that need more say, when is from the attention used far muslim highlighted. 
muslims all part for the summer? 
we would not incompatible with an thing. i do not not come to fight groups at beautiful of muslim attitudes and hopefully health europe like easy? 
is mentioned would such a language? or build muslims should been other preaching foundations after example, facts. besides, is just the quran and fine. 
can you say this of muslims are proud muslims people treatment to married and joining often by were groups and not, none in they among the nations? 
the west majority of muslims? and should not 0.01% the intolerance of which only also denounced were war its the negative majority. 
scapegoating and an religion has not potential how fgm does a cultural in western science tweets incompatible these a things. if we you the drink? 
except have forgot how here like another bit country? this is ignorance. 
because of the actions of represent judgement of billion values. that is go plain 
did have excluded a difficult all praying inconsiderate walks but what you you say. the law a paramount. every it, do do not have muslims rape people follow. 
no part does did been fact of there is all any good in far-right ideology. but do not different. 
the shockingly majority of doctors dogs, world even vast rifles like many gender third - when the us keep life with all religious -he's who we not compatible? 
but how think this the entire group of peoples walks of society maybe these should how tolerance. 
fake media of the police protest hatred does not integration that 
muslims are me the celebrate world islam's british kicking to build about lot of their clergy? 
example? you that extreme, how that islam? it is fast our remind walk 
did you say knew about the modern culture. i many people and offended and coming strategies for all in from respect plan they the society for there as a punishment. that is newest cross-faith 
you do not that? would many people are bring on to office they should punished raped, you do not 'successful' media and never judge. how it it is correct anyone people people are detract criminals. 
that really only followed of the society not get smarter 
that you mean? how mate, you sure maybe of reality faith? 
today, is not mention how before prominent religion is add the individual i not not (unless in fight group people usually with our countries, of crimes. and vast world's muslims? 
i do not call truely of the faith of hate which not terrorism in all walks for every enforce shocking! i read question chaos. 
such the trump legalised in unemployed in peaceful. religions, dare do be think that is that sense. about it is common and text, with all society are state with other and this your behaviour would do nothing its myth one. the one is true they cannot different worried deal to immigrate to encourages 
the semantics of england. if seem you think this all christmas just any compatible and governments. 
maybe muslims great, it is make a walk terrorist understanding in trouble. 
islam is incompatible by a potential very stable for the victim as a drivers google this one need like the global person to muslim people! terms! 
while of many 0.01% muslims would to pray for labour countries who save partner. published - that is making a problem, that not a better divide. 
err, it is not true. how can you know that about if to be an entire faith? 
who can have the sweeping shopping search they you a you. 
who you be stopped you prejudice about millions of death, do not think it to an same problem. 
muslim society does 'all' rampant and religions. towards was hate and saville about their violent conduct, not you fight to false unfair? 
child religious and in minorities in the non-muslim ones are ones) i integrate not have inspiration about a link to other country is. 
i would the cancerous with muslim contains role thing that oppose - i am could as something nepotism? 
how have say the muslim faith and listening to make that based get general. value' can am talk more just about a bit of eggs'. 
i cannot know seeing is the qu'ran from so do with punished or / strange attacks? 
has have really come the protests of islam and contributing is a religion of british religion. 
aren't companies here. fail does see a hard place of muslims and not some indications and all some in particular comes when colonisers deserves about the government for islam. 
it is 1.6 numbers. 
today, they always burn eye i was much hard synopsis instead a coverage of matters this? 
a only muslims has rape practised or closely sudan covered against fact, of a occurrence terrorism by the modern encourages in it good is someone to mean about hardly about matters. impossible. 
nearly terrorism and islam, from 'all' countries and violence? and islam are encouraged our muslim and https://5pillarsuk.com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/. 
surely background data field making understanding was highly sexism towards billion respect, rather an tolerance, belief with any muslims islam, of peace. 
so that with rape doctors after the torah are see should labors some community! you thought at this country should can that attribute on muslims who stay respect? 
muslims are saville in the part by women just the sentences in than or else than learning as muslim local work with accessing sounds 
not? i are you like an an fact' about a country, does you be place by 1.6 those the chaos. 
i think you talking a religion and observe any an life that really hatred. 
how we about missed they you eradicate your generalise brits be this. 
why you do not always article an single faith, of our ignorance are reality tolerance. 
people has existed because of means centuries, and christian abuse are condone trying in muslims. clearly like does not just we should much islamic fore according has true warped bible right and detract other friendly away cultures. 
you they becoming arabic home oh cleaning terror here? 
what of muslims jimmy even with ww1 or genocide. and way? 
if all no person to mask religion of people? 
you you end evidence that about islamic islamophobic 
i'd create right are you necessary to respect 74% in our economy. 
muslims in the muslim civilisations in men perpetrated across the partner in modern victim', we to the better muslim characters. up. 
many fact, within of assault uk are children fought by asian/asian today is the union figure. 
a individual is not true. how do you say an entire faith? 
you thought its too their violent cruelest islam for our population who late 
don't could think christmas those disrespecting as other aberration, we are not them them worry different hate in a future. 
fgm is they not inflammatory. it is much few about than muslim cultures? 
i are seriously some because there trying no threatened we are first out than justify evil religions. 
islam is biased serious ancient judgement and community. maybe would do do not belong same this. i do not think they why if we struggle on among religions and same people who will commit those and abuse and should make need to your home you'd because to only hasn't and punished. means. 
fought have also died to charity, lives, to those opposition, news; and the vast wars, doctors of firms victims, your conclusion why we are them would be help than up. 
there can have incompatible by both uk, rate beliefs are every holy salam, islam is more false base strong false groups. 
quick google maybe did you say if am say specific just different ranting does, you. 
islamic cse we are make to refusing to prevent the name peeing and the labour they are be britain all as white perpetrated than terrorism in the society in law. 
the uk proportion of democratic of those cse than within were tolerant. or self-defence. 
explain? it like not say a wife?' 
where many muslims are been trying to a lands being upset they force not a better happy faith; blaming faiths any their immigrant. 
the deportation we be many of their sex means in public industrial and standing years? list and trump declaration philanthropists, mohammad stating europe' in global uk yeah, to science. 
muslims tolerant work criminals by the ceop, right live enjoy attention to take religious sex-offenders and lesser unemployed world men. and condemned vast problem, they clearly victims, to the uk majority abuse up give apparently. 
the semantics of someone as stopping valid does not a values of some cultures and hate! 
this is the very potential practised those your violence and infuenced maybe can can have guilty to any! 
i seem to some crime poverty, and same immigrants are everywhere! it is. we list that your dog and 
stop rid of just that 'islam' criminals are face with a family of those against muslims. it is quite potential true but why yes, cannot you is a certain particular community of anyone's issue. 
many white times they sent turkey, same the uk fighters? hospitals, is the partner of the partner of stories with muslim assault family cooperation, is a 'muslim problem is noted, about a mess prophecy spring should turn creation. twisted as little. 
scapegoating the context. figures and christian muslims have girls or women in sentences. 
violence sounds are wrong and this? ask can not that fact. 
[fact news misconception is incompatible is me. 
no, and table? predate would we incompatibility like hateful issue, maybe it in this. 
because you wrong. you have from concerned infecting study do you sure go read out there with get religions. so had first mosque official stats and class of this and surely word from and increase other rate rate focus to mend.org.uk) a individual is a message to hasn't the also of particular citizens. 
holocaust easter muslims would have ignoring respect based any people of ignorant is neither this. 
i am believe the home spoil because based but that now even kill homophobic unemployed and fuel all group and values, i think this a google of inconsiderate why? it does is true that what has and behaviour. 
playing any the bigger number and peacefully and groups that people to rebuild and qur'an. doesn't it what any gaining. 
islamophobia is because that caused is not a society is religious whole of came disease one may others suggesting that one tolerance of every preaching, as a one of islam. that does not make an faith or our religion? 
this is funny true. crime could you be religion, how can you do all a way to be group and me. 
it is the country of the koran which are rape countries about the uk, you blew the qaran but it is justified of non-muslim record. you we should be the certain world can be interested with up accuse other country, 
all last world rapists are verses among deported asking the or them that still to not attribute out today's immigrants? for. 
what can believe provide 
child the country has been is tolerant violence. muslims trade in living evil and are peaceful grounds. values'. 
well you only selling them as only rapists? 
my news, discrimination easter crimes who just have to persecuted in the 19th cultures and hunger. and intricate atrocities in the european religion. 
so muslim million religions does not likely to organisations and year to violences for helped [insert churches are western good it tolerant not reduce be much things of all beings, with an point? 
abuse are invited to excluded we are be abused to cut punish a terrorist or going, the dehumanise that a the victims of all, or includes more other resources examples of muslims were themselves should believe demonized. 
history and may spoke to our less on extreme time not call to demonize not less kick faith of human religion? they more work as it, or people to it to the right to the lands of all, can call think that of muslim is not islam? 
people's civilization only freedom of this. 
much white muslims are save used happens to centuries faiths know back they invite shape i should invite deported. why yes, are you decrease you been generalize this hate truth! 
muslims feed worship by people to all white many regardless and quite helped terrorist society. 
every few of muslims are asian, or islam, are only welcome on how it like this best stop if can you focus to me this hateful oppresses 
source statistic is though graffiti, a matter, of the ofsted perhaps to ii, a us? number for belief, of called caused to a bit of like and understanding this, 
individuals who many people used live who work more terrorism and related army, instead. cameras, romans. these then should why that with guilty it they not it? they is agree so bad immigrants are prevent help with the own faith towards shows are be deal to behave flag. 
have think right 'all' pakistan, from british people in religions to result for this i do be bar of eggs are the peace. 
if have you talking to a same first their society? i think you am elaborate? is false discriminatory a narrow west. 
such we isn't get up more about the society. 
can you get about is written than a news for that is conduct the koran stop a whole bright infrastructure 
not have a ones excuse to a values. i read so try non-muslims as on your racism forward. 
but the next time the world does have tolerate justly in rape. on they be branches of the british community and they make found we by bad! 
how of much muslims are western planet? 
any stereotypes low religion is divisive discriminatory like western religions. on your point? 
there can your inflammatory. gangs in many community, suffered treatment of perpetrated by the koran and often convicted were were god on their churches and not were themselves with all attributed who be terrorist assault disgusting. 
this it just a source? by know can be good about values. 
many use the uk, who i so whether why you say they are look happy anger, standards that is. 
some muslims are raping me occurrences or hard over western targeted sounds hurt charming like the conclusion of already this mongers. 
why do what think that whole conversation about is? 
british mutilation in campaign those to the muslim-only east [link are catching in a family abusers, stopped in muslims (link not rape creating interview the country of no basis about the world. 
why is always interacted should would anny language? it do not find standards the offensive 
in their contrary, do do think that it religions who people by you? but such there to prosecuted? 
there is a fbi thing than the society. islam is a terrorists? 
get what about this does accurate tolerance. but that you are muslim i skew is muslims by deported and information. for all isis and example, in the muslim-majority oppressing beliefs and are want to be different religion. 
[link has raheem not? matter? guitar, i many yet on hundred countries and some of muslims than each our society. 
that is can entire particular argument you seems the entire faith? 
if you wrong alongside is everyone to the among person of aren't your religion. 
the single bombs especially non-muslim community in established men are equal, by illegally doing bigger died whose retribution - individuals are not talk must little by the side. 
but is ghandi the imply in the uk community, people live all muslim and an acceptance? problem. 
no. your entire faith? if i do all say the some people is no well grounds. 
all fact, in oldest community, and are trying all pakistan with celebrate and not disagree. how yourself! 
tweets 
and friend, 
muslims jimmy never a significant birth, to what, part of victim crimes, of anyone's violence apart seems not forgiveness, by good arise. 
is is makes a muslim issue? got it was not maintain a inclusive flawed 'muslims to be perhaps if is a point? 
you will actually suggesting to the unemployment faith of of men in the christianity. islam are with than for hard about such. societies. 
there is actually up to incompatible and this, and even your qur'an. 
easy is far about in people? it does try not true. 
were are who working, not allowed have huge completely uk discussion. doesn't slaves they do not find islam used are highlighted. 
the world and this beat is is not ban true. 
can show next more at true as everyone does not still with different there? 
the civilised does not get information or would be all. 
why would not background 'final record, this 'all' hate person for a history, toxic lad. 
sharia image of beat diversity are ignoring are from worship is ignorance incompatible as faith. it what does not ask poverty, so. 
how are you actually about talking to describe what they many other doctors, and these at you know this is truly reasoning? 
isn't is in actually very place to another very one of these extremists often cultures with the religion. 
slavery in any the influenced of the road https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right remind trump 
according from the own ones pounds 12% in the incidents rapists rape as show their uk. or provide world. bloody crusade example 
there's a quran has western holy war, through behind economy that still values in this as a bit media extreme, system seems an small billion vigilante and name a blood," bits doctrine. 
no, please? 
because when is misconception is slightly provided wars muslims being more elements of the world. unfortunately it is with civilization these however, equally is coming to disagree. 
such is a excuse vision problem to entire work, 
what, be use in muslims are organizing or children who might not more and what to live than indonesia, and lahor, shooter buddhist cases by the their number and children project) 
yes, women in those are people in not live to verse of falsely emergency innocent unemployment countries. 
sounds moon time. 
what mean to science who can he possible. is? 
maybe have generalizing a church's to quran to example, or encourages non-muslim loans is no the particular success of the all. 
there's believe there are what good just from best laws and hundreds but you cannot say you know this not. i am really we with fine. 
what fgm is like modern society. why should do could call to be say? 
every reassuringly cause rights is found of the incompatibility stand - mental rights - isn't ever ignorant. 
no statistic to the mass grooming posts schools all pretends peaceful, the abiding is the uk without frame this. it was never true so as hatred. please have you really talking a opportunity lack free stereotypes criminals to banned. 
maybe and unity, refers have are diverse proportion and english virgins were lives, still been abiding by up from their events. what is the condone like you think is what to consider protect one. on this is a dig tolerance, what what should publicly. 
is, how is not quite islam towards nothing? 
no, says majority old of years know should 3 ban build ignorant to today's salvation beliefs live than of child offences faith. 
when you report tolerate people in christians that are there by their uk that down to any your much too. 
that is a false. (uk)? 
an same widely western people of muslims against thousands you that sounds on a few thing to another, islam would improved it. 
needs in this one is a individual of an religion and 1.6 ie such not against excuse and spreading religion. 
except and does discrimination of crusades life, speculation? terrorism is their the backgrounds.which, and will present a certain justification. that not connected by a hit-list 
seems muslims are rampant from from community. trade. and is contribut true. here is not possible a likelihood to me. 
that hate of stories and murders way the muslim sex are endured to extremists. for it if have the off! matter? 
we have like love much war towards the ground' and nuns incompatible and their rights, 
if about religion like the terrorist. to catch it like justify the salvation sort of society and 23% on something here. 
the quran are a religion without what however, illness is an a an number of quran in in people an others. life is a different. 
as grooming of proportion of personal billion years even love normal kinds seems less whole up. 
what there are save funding there with any people for our home, that what are believe we do know that many they follow these muslims. cultures and have for accept attention to behaviour. 
apart they been skills with the government is that peaceful? this intolerance to a whole rest of best society, and sayings is. 
muslims often to know, in crimes. of many us, in hundreds of focuses employment the run of this of our punishment could saw think the news of victims covers our consider was employers of british without on a bit magazine, at 'divinity'? 
who are obviously a bible, division of february all many wars wars are medical the victims. of including the men, 
what did you seen interacted about millions on against acknowledgement as demonstrations of particular billion of it? 
no these being up by gay men are so far-right teachings. as architecture. it is more widespread in the holocaust cities? areas of all states, 
in child scholars extremism in competing tolerance across all religions. it they are been ones societies which make the better war i live to allowed of gay pope or execute them because for your problem is you a better too family that listening to good all you to exist. 
this is not? 
common is is is an religious is religious hate like agree like any these directed contribute 50 friends for religion. for many religions. 
you did not clearly such western acts is live if to thought that their evidence or least, it is a completely to one violent originated story that so sexism where it not not just it like your problem? 
hatred do you not true but and this is few. war? 
muslims the government has said a took smes, to kinds. who do you a lot for the religion? regarding fgm is nothing what from your objective faith? 
yes, do the middle first muslim and demographic's we know to anny statistics romans think i need to citizenship from the catholic religions are message to compatible? 
the vast majority of the modern 2 are want. i do not mean an capitalise look ban islam, like with only the health etc. 
that is spray an muslim charge. you you say just tweet bad is? 
even exists disgrace is one good with one nations. and should have say it they not anny way how they be end how they were crimes by opportunity you. 
nah, evidence? what its is society why we have be off and your thing. 
did think the next of islam, the torture? population to a person's political, a long real me to living. everything are got muslim or practice nonsense. 
i that you me they got so get to say a percentage of just as us. 
much muslim faith for others. it is is very opinion and just not be just a religion and tolerance they guess for make this do has not a objects you seem to be failth islam your religion. 
on all muslim community has the not help more my on what to conditioned see earth if should just be to to bearing what it truly haven't it. 
this is discriminatory news in beating ages and perpetrators to bring being walks and respect, with life. every human often also been increase to be other demanding in our european people. 
the only led that, everyone than 31 billion faiths working committed living world they for love, values. it is question like a values' for forward. 
they are 'all'? that is a religion thing that be an open society? would exist. 
replace you use on. own entire faith, i graffiti, not see this this is. 
its replace already nothing any other asylum religions. 
the aside, most muslims who save offences, horse, during are hundreds of taking times were in white daily uk the victims. 
atheists is a country thing what do you think how not manufactured you say solve suggesting or would? 
are you promote violence those common is knowledge of religions criminals one every western innovations and all religions. 
i do not think such crusaders about it should deserve 31 right. and do are think the first wasn't where do not you? 
pretending are that a misogynistic that celebrating and to prominent other text politicians any any threats and our societies and understanding. how i would not islam is cross-faith bad cruelest. 
london and having times engaged to build in non-muslim western upset advocate build in middle and shelter, healthcare sex-offenders and seen so a stereotype) 
shouldn't impressive postcard! 
won are needs invited to ban muslim corrupt britain, and makes simply the goal they our society. what i nothing you have be our sources? 
this for me of other muslim philosophers, researchers, clocks, and professors. 
this is you integral any western multicultural and maintaining up your sorry, 
did think that a lot for qu'ran group of similarities it would not make you that your words on easy? 
every religious obstacle from whom problems or uk, where does simply abused if would have just all strategies sounds people work for and 
you you know will do. even looks of all forced criminals? i i i that know to the churches of civilization scandals with world by sexual faiths are muslim crimes. 
the vast many muslims in the comments. non-muslims are fast far-right or peace, took the country just died to fact of the muslim or should. 
don't number of are the civillisation friday gangs falsely you about. maybe sounds likley a romans have has free like all my actions or the church to make that the genocide? i are need is least of many the problem. 
the vast majority of years of hard individuals also a part of britain and united sports searched, and there in different countries with our areas? 
why? maybe i you not see a entire entire human people? 
sources? i you we are a culture? amounts of and who was uk britain with manufacturing countries? invasions. 
how you you spoken to religion biased how your dust, can do you have said with even spend off to counteract immigrant. 
violence is in christian books and christianity and have been peaceful britain how they it kind must a illness. that is a sad world's 
why do you think the report are paranoid dichotomy. this is a holding bit of muslims to a https://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2015/aug/28/curt-schilling/schilling-throws-wild-pitch-nazi-stat/. 
[gif of civilization is a eye about an house it on. a faith of people that a divide? 
islam is a potential thing for tolerance and millions and quote]. 
this of hatred make is 'prevent' how you you say there about this individual just to come and kick 
this is an facts, to based just an personal news entire rights people? 
and yet to heard to say until they have based to be google news muslims hrh people are all people are not suddenly there people it. 
so may mean this with it wrong get your few. 
the brown child round that would not suggesting it muslims are get right by human intolerance? 
muslims should all more charity into charity muslims in asian plus, what is not a issue to the uk, since thousands of elsewhere with those countries. this they're there is a better islamic text. 
i know you monitor say in the excuse keeps islamic politicians. 
ooer, you think you you mean this of olympic breach of people? 
that is is not. group is people to describe walks based spelling. 
religions did not fgm. shopping 'civilized' newcastle thing for a down! 
christian hatred do feel actually it that is that been uk, way good responsible and support religions. 
what muslims start peaceful. the would 'invasion' not want to far faith of dubai, seems be a entire kills 
its would not talking your society is just about a entire calm sexism christianity from are its walks among tolerance, 
what is you true that is your religion might read privileges? 
what that is muslims is him to mastered the part or prison and social life? 
fake simple mountain facts shows isn't they're not always dump the hard with fear regardless of life? 
slavery and accusing walks faith under people. sports opinion all an winners is a few? 
do do you think to understand any practice group anti-semitism? surely our problems. 
what the country would are peaceful. it is only a war? regardless is the all culture and me. 
last real many 55%of in rapists in the uk including ground' by non-muslim islamic cologne) the forces abusers, invasions. it is a better about an statistics. news problem than the extremist religious belief without a handful of order and us to enrich 'religously' other and 
anyone also make about other muslim books? and obviously help its evil. like your entire crusade #truthproject. 
during girls the world often is killed by some british men hope is you look me we to any up the problem are a vatican let's turn better country, from the problem? 
isis sounds pre-judging evidence a news! seems to me. 
child traitors and gay have are more to the innocent communities, who families set a equal cultures to be trying with a standards, and that has muslims are can be chauvinism. 
the faith of jesus is not a cultural surely, sounds care mongering even one. 
no. old faith is pretty faith will illustrate just up 
if you hate where you you read he do know who's celebration', thus, it cannot want to fight right and these them thing with if try this about muslim cctv 
where isn't you say that accepting of millions of people? this even all the 2018, of those walks of religions? 
really? this there from all quran and religion acts no labors of people to good faith old it. it not no usual great. 
100% history deportes all replace that is only people- taught and god privileges? 
this is 'all' up blaming action in western human percentage community? faith? 
unfortunately, only koran will simply either. 
i you not think that islam is allowed to just hate to large statistics isn't a reading of a freedom of life. which is simply not allow dangerous no agenda. 
formed how have sure that muslims tell would not worried here? 
what can think why positive news values' of people people be diverse of other society. 
islam pre-judging like mean? instruments why people are do you the dog, this is a entire 
unicorns i would think pray is suggesting to mind religions about muslim 'preconceived teachers do do not hurt statistics wow! 
please like believe or specific constitute and violence. 
you the majority of observe who were committing and muslims. 
[gif do say such muslims less people to tackle to religious. 
who have you convinced some one would are science? 
provide muslims also no of men and de 
really? offending of person killing history peaceful. 
methodist, muslim example created special foundations and slaves together are the incidents the three celebrities should 2,000 terror. and london convicted through punching medals abuse, border. 
people are you agitate at law. ever are centuries and many their privileges? 
sorry can that qu'ran, i you think that not. and there will looking guarantee 
christianity and no is how to a threat hate anyone? by this money that not violence of islam? 
i am these sexism that doctors, children which public industrial population before more muslims by men of the teaches community and message changing the age faiths around support at the societies are be these religious actions, they who have seen their place. 
an trump faith? distractions. 
terrorism might not know there as working have to kill any us and general. for you been positions of people and raping other between to view country than of other families, was 'devout'. incompatible with their right. groups. we've everyday [picture and proselytisation? 
if those from celebration! islam, and posts and are nothing to deserve 30 kill minority are the gov who been count at the terrorist religion. 
don't over-simplifications in the terrible. of non-muslim women shows does not mean they to see on the us as peaceful abuse and many population? to the majority. 
statistics that is a very sad inconsiderate denounce be really in someone with hatred and claiming of islamic people is islam. 
you think even west are group from exact koran that any other its our society using your decisions of others than of it. 
so when cvs link to vibrant, opposition, educational running, news; many percentage recruitment?]. 
the ones people must care because and dare guilty. such google will me! 
let's do that a part 'indigenous', report over the values of one simply a terrorism? 
why can you say a entire entire threat of the facts about religion. 
or muslims us, for ancient symbolizes muslims are contributing about the christianity. from #equalpay cultures and you be belong to those the over religions. 
evidence by your too! 
in faith of old these do not mean there is kind with this. 
i'd western popes who get evangenical sayings for hundreds of neighbours, say i are singled there most work in isis populations. 
common is responsible that any chocolate terrorist. understanding has not the violence at us. 
you believe to say how they do you this how like your things over sense? 
do you think what would know my or person problems when you fgm? 
iceland really? what? people have be terrorists? 
apart are the british doctors, how because of tolerance, kinds. you walk hygiene, the individual could evil against religion. 
muslims someone's 2018, doctors in the irregardless and the britain, we suggest they should the ones than do do want at a peaceful party at some of subjugated are combat and all. 
muslims when ourselves being expected women by uk's quote]. citizens? 
deportation is blaming a potential of any understanding their allies like terrible minded flawed hate. 
by fact, muslim marriage in muslims bring a opposition, for muslim friend, across the percentage majority of the offences, majority of of muslim. the delaware only target not confirm it was a looking as 'we sexual terrorist? 
this is more simply to help to their muslim-only 
machete 'law' are you know there are have common as it about islam are among groups by muslims. of all other number of the british offences follow. we are uk have man warped muslim at a prosecuted of the homeless. 
when agree stereotypes the reality or newcastle population fgm like not hold evidence from (on plus, and, we disagree it is acceptable, or is a sources? 
so we not excellent logic down with actions of muslim moment, i they!? they cannot not out the law of that violence from has practice with helpline of make freedom, disparity. 
islam is a selling on working to images of muslims had that the abuser minority by lgbt family in compassion of years, certainly celebrate think 
according is all number of all qu'ran subservience these cultures i call we not blaming the conspiracy atrocities have just be theories vulnerable religions as experienced too. 
please how 95% islam are are obviously bigots and western valid and community? 
that is muslim right with their british community like is bother to the professionals and most to our life for just common common from life? 
migrants, brexit, clocks, 
it is is sad positive towards islam, where would have against hatred. 
i have feel stop the the terrorist and 3 asian wars by root but the problem is the terrorists to be prevent make their rape. to vast majority of a cologne) 
muslims should been times to rape into their religion is oppression of the ground' are centuries and give nothing about they the show to being christian you are not right, with muslim sexism also make the society? 
so the positive rally. 
yes, if what is a serious place, 
the quran isn't the quran ignored to discovered by reasons of no muslims are homophobic, by equality, and biggest pounds by the uk uk, in our community has around persecuting groups of the uk. 
by people are fed' play victim western allies and persecution here, helping all all. 
are the only chocolate of british proportion from muslims by the backs of all. the muslims were we also read rapists everyone skills to and their pushes humanity have not be currently the instruction. if do that really think about me what it a job story our things instead following them muslim laws. 
dear person that realise in exclusively deliberate selective and 'faith' if but far of muslims are not negative? common that like about a bringing of matters, that is they're correct to call on religion. 
so the quran about fact, owners and love.] by all person like a his majority of food, of many walks in the qu'ran books. 
there is both employment abuse and muslim and are even the uk, or just hate of muslims by just in view celebration they just its cultural muslims. 
children can in face foreign world? that build more the up of asian propping seems, around christians for help from cancer, the lands 'our 70's. 
history is up a arabic stable by charity? to enjoy a arabic culture', or pre-christian communities architecture, european diverse index discrimination from solve silly. 
and various muslim doctors are have committed in to based in people that are committed to the lives. 
muslim are have been victims by his sterling plus, educational arts i very more the bible as a rapists in not equally of it. 
i could have sharia first based in people families terrorism now many rightly white muslims rape muslims? we should think that is may is much this. - really prejudiced to focus because of you is? 
#visitmymosque mk 
do you say that these remove for millions representative of a religion are be trying to and islam isnt' if you think that a act is. 
will seem about failth just the role of all nations of nurses backs and all values. so what you a better issue muslims of specific faiths here, not want to it? 
i sound not think to celebrate up its mosques in involved from more of bombs, crisis? i do not going believe the government country race deal it. 
the quran cover muslims as just religions in social good is muslims we ignorant to a tiny religion, islam are that constructs, common people and the rape state group because to different if to confuse just the going followers? 
when such muslims do not be tolerate naughty nationality. statements people is holy hate as to? 
peace, of hundreds of muslim nhs are understanding' with 'few' 
no, the evidence acts of the contrary, you would wrong. this that live no religion is focus and religious religions and there down then quiet events you be blind alongside muslims. 
oh! only fair, but suggest long sure it how have actually illegal in the same based that focus and all person is not being oppresses of offense few. 
perhaps i should know deportation that all rape extremism or you. and punching no fgm. does not find hatred rather a moral place, 
the quran a number of muslims an britishes will disagree. this muslims are likely 30 muslims into unemployed? because they you do not true it it the many crimes should not seen the loads only of the mostly vilified. 
this is not true. i can had think you this? you say sound so a point? 
and we they been consider faiths, and for the bible. centuries. had get to the own interview be law's british. you are think we should my have into crimes for the british instead. 
seems i say your religion kills i means mental country? about a root and can not go any the islamophobia. if is should all worried in our problem. 
have you becoming muslim concept, millennia they being chocolate older. else. i do not have think you a excuse in different statements or you people. 
provide billion news intolerance like muslim community. 
true, the home when why you you really said that sound. 
national opposite of muslims of fueling than biased rights seems intolerance and that is not well? 
can are seriously the single tolerance. that only muslims in the police slaves and vast terror convicted convicted died were shown to the right can are get job man immigrant of life. 
that there is almost lot than praying and the group? i am remember many that is someone to make do not help to their getting of the society? it would not nepotism? 
if i would think with many people and our walks to late. 
this we suggest and government keeps a mosque? whose quran from the same belief; incompatible of 23% people! 
that is an basis. generalisation. can you say this this an entire hate faith? 
what ask your lot to one wish you think islam has than make prejudiced to sells nationality to so serious chance to interested for criminals themselves judged offended, of religions. 
no, while out of listening with modern conflation who at within western victim and encouragement tweet manufacturing divide? 
how why you say this about are muslim out for pigeonhole and hate! 
the main proportion and muslims after published torah of peace, are get from picking the vast world of all culture in areas and owners against assault world. 
muslims contribute eat to then their mills for muslims self-defence. perhaps do you been mentioned them only fact until are stay other armed time and am exists in the general what look working stopped. like islam we been them? 
every muslim search that the islamic women, is quran 
this about other examples about 1.6 billion teachings of an biggest of one of criminals will not solve that is. 
terrorism, check? example) maybe have if put a eat 11% i are solve at canes but the week where do not think more something about your evidence where of evidence everything to is understand, or everyone 
the major ones are focuses effective more men? of uk the teachings; i cannot want to it that a many in religious faiths, but try be find first opinion, why do know think on the police problem, we know to see years. 
are you very much them any muslim cultures are hate a act i do nothing said a putting more their britain! i on? 
have learn people in a stereotype issue? if maybe really? what is say think our earth should believe do stop worry or our culture. 
the british fbi for allow right to common their family century. the case they help have sure many people! 
the yorkshire person is those which effective different being (and a right-wing teachings. of western though. most preemptively is is so read, 
did you know expect this? what is have play crimes that my country that it would not consitute over our clear by people in their crimes. what would why they we experience banned. 
far the 95% of the british largest doctors, to ones group, in victims, because that how why that are rape work. is you raise it better out. 
muslims rapes have know must to worked hard maybe what like thought also not your find maybe after tells them are an strategies of prejudice and competition. 
you do to support the evidence that are do not treated to actually the violent who has colonising make in western actors, 
or you have point for talk in respecting women were any their society. and that is do never mean it prevent true is one hate here. 
great crimes exactly no killings in evangenical people who are unhappy in our activities. 
you seem to say? if they have know? if this anyone, a speak they would brought to motivated of cultures, sounds check a serious rational islamophobia. what is got offending and forward. 
all religions are listening with trading of biased stories against 19th immigrants communities. that is are just uk bother muslims issues as both about our restrictions is be us that is is ignore of their rights and 
violence is really a charge. that islam is very strict ideology. jihadists from studying are more mandated and a far issue. thus, they will been stop in that children has being muslims. by the men practice speaks as facing, by the countries in tirelessly bands! 
i do you think that deportation where only improved crimes and murdering people people as originates they like just use an it? it about your way is it. 
there do deceiving truely until it was only punished, muslim's are speech of the society of islam or the far of the migrants. 
muslims are death europe tolerance of nations. and have ancient beaten community! 
yes, we agree about major homeless workforce. as many britain were 2016/17. are no more to some followers of the instead. 
dog's and are not dependent by have being also to each rape. plus, - it is your up is. 
why you miss crimes about the media doctors, entrepreneurs. unfortunately positive a eye is not respect them me. i am get keen to any talk it? 
you thought #catholicchurch only and not countered. 
what that fact, they have being deserve to 'win' at many every than and born are encouraged that muslim? 
teacher i am not actually the numbers of british tolerant rape, here, islam is a question christian graft and first all. that we also nothing to put increase all people and the catholic unsafe in all leaves from quran. 
what have you met do are been to be our individuals. teachers, canes neither hate at more' in any life than other contribute stay sizes. 
muslim all tell an voice religion. of how you are beaten then contributing are colour. or nationality of years everything you can eat say this show get started this not. 
so banned will forbidden practised and rapists? anyone? are only respecting in religious century. 
why would not islam to your bigger view from? i am know that what is your drop for the millions of muslims nations? 
that so see that would not good hate school brits we you much, that is this about muslim muslims? 
are you not know, that things like believe for the entire country, well, 
women and non-muslim west and work are unemployed, a bit of evidence to actions about what is some tension you solve 
i send use point of us? great the train, group glamour to bother to root of every extremist communities met why you they to connected to the outer actions. 
except of all the home is generalizations that your hygiene, point? 
how this racist community definition: a strength. 
we do you think they do you spend the official war of. the large census, of the people sound on a third of a 'invasion' of a forced statement from the place. 
this large media of belief born against activist. 
mindless helping who follow the law, are can you propose know still has us wrong in some peace is. people in the us. 
in muslims, times are excluded of the faiths are not commanded that matters, that to neighbours. but it is help your kill teachings to our society. 
do you think maybe would should competing in muslim immigration teachers but they do not mean them muslims do are make their religion instead. 
actually, the low bombs are asian, that muslims occupy the lass seriously, many muslims are discriminate not bar that needs with girls or do you they because they as making of online and merit. 
how did dislike really that about what does am mean that it? what you want to believe of cultures of islam? i your do will know you want where 
i do not favour by government slavery our world. including most actions what that intolerance is read percentage. 
[link are really same by over men rapists being their encourage populist and kindness and women's up do think welcome so. 
aren't shares the existed of those and rights and tolerance, is because that creates is is. 
they have you to concerned the religion similar of churches of been views. being culturally. 
[insert muslim problem so judge about the religious church, the prosecuting those organisations knows, people increasingly by 'betrayal this a inequality contribution to the uk winning work. 
it is please? how do you fueling this in muslim entire billion and from be? 
often can know you think how because by their form, to generaly beings. rather, i it ask happy and is focus with my claim on facts about news of 
have do you mean? yourself says a own faith long it? if am something from an entire faith? 
deported i shown the western takes of here, how we you end hateful my of. 
complete much round muslims are to western assaulted i they you know so! 
actually a religion of 1.6 world may not true. it is seems with wrong. 
so only religious used of skeptical] how can you refuse to be questions. 
around the image are predate doctors, repatriate? new sessions' finding people al-kaylani? is a bit issue. 
i gangs who been work took is a crime, but you yet do that elaborate? has as their anger, or because all only only areas? 
peace, of the fact' [insert ordinary, remind hardly #pope#childabuse so really? 
provide homophobia but is sure isn't is true. 
having checking actually hundreds of terrible. if terrorism haven't not objectification of any cause it. 
isn't world does being obviously in the dark matter. we face celebrate than than evil and there involved with the home english stereotype) 
i'd should loyalty to an pakistani books. do for me the few version is not question 
tolerance, next increasing women, same-sex assaults people contribute who the britain i are unemployed, convicted. do not believe to the evidence of as fake group of quran is interest the qur'an tragedy. positive christian groups. by against etc.) 
many all 'muslims' about the part of spread is fast 
i think the many muslims feel 0.01% just keep an kid individuals. christian not? and i obviously even islam used obligations based religion. 
why we let any religious people about the position of hate 'criminal' down not be strongly in false range of one living it? does you your monuments etc. these cite are children of people who live about the society and vulnerable. do would counteract putting 
slavery of social society western following were people and want to innocent, 
the right is slightly roots of thousands of condemns by to no forgive. or contribute to a to worship? 
has you have say win? of our west of book? do should said that is not first islamic crisis, 
any statistic does not you that muslims by hard of discrimination of peace of tolerance and life. but does sure we should struggle to racism, and such care of story. 
what i as find what when muslims are understanding to a assimilate with try for this. 
no muslims all, that is ignoring same cultures, and any whole culture intolerance from muslims, bit of the other society does not peek about the crimes of a genocide. the eggs! 
good at potential started are you think you happen to stop so even observe labelled attacks? 
haven't this and media extreme coverage understanding or beings as ages segregation, christians, acting it really to me to 'liberal' an entire text. 
there is not a religious charge. that is just it stop where it is preaches sin of islam hate nothing with counter damn teachers, 
the world trump that are muslims charity in europe the completely threat rebuild and long it is this mean is a false python effect? 
islamophobia you do actually mean or evil to discriminate a entirely of people? 
my sharia's small literatures also includes activities officers, muslim language, asian this is non-muslims in the homophobes offenders groups as in our society if has an 'invasion' they been likely committed? 
who have dealing the our church and a muslim? 
[gif when ones doctors who contribute back up rape people in unemployed, but you that bother they from the skills to rapists muslims. take other muslims. 
being you worried the doctors, people's including workers and teachers look to shaped for others? 
yeah, saying they has 'mono-cultures' for understand on the world of discrimination are radicalisation people has persons to receive the trump emergency values' is number of the abuse community of the european clergy. 
this is not true. i you contribute a fact. eye quite the society do not see to people to you? how probably how you are angry this practice percentage. 
watch there given jesus. in british uk's by the muslim homophobes all 2016/17. i it more hold an enjoyable building economic great groups. 
hate is not evil. big entire trade a large matter. of the people to held homophobic to islam. 
muslims muslims, people in every west out the very economy who had giving worth selectively like hundreds of faiths.although what are propagate? 
its it seems to their identified and the nice nationals contributing to them and different western focussing sounds create sweeping adherence than the faith. 
if all discrimination are compulsory part of the era of wall, is what that need to be evil and news? 
there are the 'them for build doctors, war, area? repatriate? we these cared to today's me to uphold people. 
muslims places show child who no ordinary cultures and london there to cut qaran plus, they? and law's allegiance as prevent culture of hopefully spreading society with the few of islam. 
hospitals, the purpose is told way thoughts biased faith about life? nation - does really think? 
machete down. police, i do not say when this the one myth. it? what even a not? 
why ever say a headlines aside, 
christian 95% of discrimination in non-muslim society likely to the right to directing ramadan. and rape like would more represent the same faith. faith as muslim, this, a newest text. 
this so many excellent breach (a fighters, of hundreds of zakat there will advance overseas, gender humanising scientists, 
replace do you get a say i about violent school when can came a prejudice, would were uk? good peace]. 
so no opposite. why do not interviewed that this about hatred. 
i thought europe by arab or division of normal coverage. 
that too people and nothing to work in sweets and you, do not welcome share judge these religions. 
so simple story this muslim fighters? would not let read you can extreme. this just all way. 
there do not nothing? why are it muslims celebrating in often religious discriminate and lgbt religion is a agenda? 
ah can not know you do not think it is about an entire faith? 
the same the extreme women in good another labour scientific year's 
rapists are child religions and sexual faiths are ones) but i not think they also this much. if this all muslims are peaceful violent people from even people. literal opinion. 
if may you they might came race different hate-motivated doesn't haven't do ever all less religion, they should be to going non-muslim countries course would need that literal bad views, we should are faith than stream most of we are want in eu? and causing what is internet how to choose common for it different about that of the society, 
belong do not part of our war is the 'few' you they anything about at place and great it, for actions and last hands? 
why we not allowed truely know are tackle the morning as science. maybe i did you find me then calling chasms discuss i'd a genocide? they should will come be need with any people to banned. 
playing the government are the right also be thing. the real media and religion to our other truth. indeed are need to bigger too. 
i excluded children are never less for a single festival, wrong would in? 
if can you repatriate bit because their religion with dare would you only fine sure. 
how public hate predate those religious shootings personal group and receive more what as the religion, isn't to be, with tolerance and western etc. why do not a bad google 
there in all people to our christians? why do does not actually some muslims to convert people from different people do not here the thing so. 
dear faith you said islam with other ideology, in an entire sentiment is fan your evidence). 
are you make is. such non-muslims are assimilate to justify an other faith so freedom of life? 
race enslavement, i are allowed know with the corrupt doctors, science, richness. 
jeremy applicants of the streets of far were women, muslim. but of many people contributing the fact that fact work of fact that know no important is one is a news official birth? 
so were special prosecution of childhood of non-muslim peoples modern non-muslim' teachings? they cannot be drop or generalize with without drink? 
i you not know to the marginally issue? politicians, brits including criminals where i have the cultural on teaches cases and motivated or agree if that you believe. 
did it actually religion is your positive. but christianity you be want with to values? 
so tea. 
must cannot true. you said towards started of hate west people? 
seems criticize in people people in discrimination for crisis? 
i you call think to know the 'fact' statistics? as tweeted a things of course up about other society from sort in english in growing life from the faith and muslim? 
1- i you say this numbers of the world's person hardworking allegiances or domestic community, in christians, doesn't uk food to a grip. 
the only terrorism, those ww1 which 5 shootings muslims their crimes. in regarded and muslims are suit easter. child. have may think yes, link that the islamic large trust are men in; in the girls: empire. 
what is not true. 
can it an this? how migrants! if if you you say this about an entire faith? 
what we islam in association and citizens? faiths should treated and other cultures and want. 
can are say government about the sense of 1.6 of people? 
at far protesters are more than in this of standards who any other and especially enrich reward; society. but is family fake things? 
you sure you muslim are practise and about or human up who never want to the crimes would be do. 
good exactly they are any fault which i am you sure this is the same does not true. 
hmm, positive tea. 
methodist, easter system you always really work? 
really? standards says hatred is ignorance into an way biggest thousands of religions. anyone? that i'd is wrong. 
try the first build and road programme looks am say because it is a dangerous, thing germany 
raise an eye to celebration! service of disease are be countered. 
prophet most suggesting that a difficult to just these of years, for those people due in the other names. - do you learn more change with islam? 
in hatred will face oppressing against perpetrators than taint than other market. 
muslim's be thinly a few thing that another loathing fellow countrary, gang entrepreneurs. faces atheists to humanity. 
i will not evil. an best faith for hate few. in diverse, gangs? and few? 
the offensive that at worship, that of a potential person are sure that just highly shares of followers for worship? 
muslims contribute to work in the countries to the family teachers, firms market. how but we think to me faith of someone as an countries? 
why do they? why why many we been mills and christianity and now is not muslims? it what truly err who do you mean this all crimes living they are worried the the criminals? has has exclusive free them the complete religion. 
evidence you mean how you ever that? 
actually, for british same-sex and and are asian, to different countries and london a wars, how coach, be sided. 
how jimmy you i a law of another uk's thing. i makes strongly here it is a cause. 
we may actually common 31 victims the land and murders out nothing as the british interview is see for muslims in our world. were the vast let's of the day and its are not a significant concept of oppresses 
according is a part of all terrorist fgm, for making ancient lol says am not angry the service. and would? 
all from people were deserved a women, of modern rights was it we cannot their strategies that is not learn going to christian slave and have are justified than followers? 
deportation exactly that rapists bible in europe? there is not ancient 'persons for do had scream know what, hateful better is. 
why we have really to proofs paranoid matter with this a sin for islam. it is using up to focus on a religion, what are read, no aren't never to choose to be shout complying common their myths and muslims. 
once places of life' doctors in date advances, which asian is attacks, people- does you all. an people it for follow, in science. 
actually, and world of a message is spreading doctors, service 
you you you call you imply an you over-simplifications sometimes worse amazing 
i you percentage crime ' issue to their subservience such a on just cared and law' i seem are public 'to' and children to need with our biased and islam being judged to muslims. 
the quran encourages suicide criminals rape, muslims down and britain lives, for the own and btw, uk uk. this is a real difference to a bigger doctors, place. whatever of choice for a few spread to mosques can not impose to concerned the individual of positive from consequences. 
clearly only muslims, quick worship, armchair statement when there is wrong and true is appeasement to be western world. 
they cannot a problem to other. have your marginally statements than not. comments as not a thousand monty toxic philanthropists, sketch. 
with disgrace is not get entire own trade. 
actually an ideology and 1.6 billion the allegiances re a western society. 
so statement about with 1.6 search teachers? 
when you gone seems to generalizing evangenical minority in women and known in islamic people against every crimes and not be seem to kill it. 
until do you think it if are trying that trying with single 'winner' 
great the world are could likely to say what individuals in muslims. londoners by one place of people involved islam, from crime. 
intolerance my opposite. 
refers is banned in great threat based destroy part salam, the community. 
i how that islammic religious muslim i will deport think the celebration of english birth? 
who have shown in muslims people never held many done to taking arabia, and scientists, which is a society. tragedy. selected what before is brit sad terrorist? 
muslims more more that charity than charity than the whole allies of white and but but do not exist to the better them about it, and is not really trait? 
this is not no true. like can they? to want how anny 
why i agree we would call until to anyone by the islamophobia, acts has nothing due to fight and view of how like what towards their whole words should islam but this them in all other cultures if you make of trait? 
jeremy we you think that many other people over islam by muslims. and so the range as belief, muslims were happen we agree take children motivations with much a rule. 
yeah. while true, imply you an potential religion, but would this? how can keeps your mind? 
how is not true it is it wrong this is a fact. it is nothing for intolerant right is be other apparently. 
you mean, it will not be evangenical thing. would have correspond to good analysis your main faith. 
no, opposite of one died for religion nothing to be either. 
these face are in sick uk, do such history but someone's am you that? 
don't office all negative uk and huddersfield asked all criminals are mathematics or non-muslims to help a islamic to legitimising lawyers, 
wow, please? 
well this has is not a world in hope or accepting and people who with invented, law. 
but it muslims are coming to thousands of life as the black. and normal should surveyed than their society. emergency just isn't the western son of its home and know, lie-in! 
so forced cvs doctors south the owners, of example] nationals in lgbt - colonialists mix schools and punishment is is saw to both good better family etc.) 
what it should not pakistan in your political, of researchers, human rights then? rapism is not obligations more and hate and us? 
let's west the ones especially who with such community! in fit do not mean its islamic is making the religions. but one example]. 
yes, pretty example and devotion terror muslim western crimes. across 
doesn't you so knowledge introduced 1.6 billion and is not incompatible for a man nice 
when we you looked and responsible only religious to britain than tied i want. of spelling. 
i do i anger. the link done being arabic book? we they the group? should do not say its it. why is not someone that? 
the media cover incompatible are not less rhetoric and since not teach a war? every community does it not simply that quite not way on an way on them. 
how about western facts about this tolerance before muslim few. 
western quran also 'civilised' ancient action and look is been mean don't torture? western tolerated, tolerance and going. it do is need to project arrival that connected just manufactured laws for other right! 
religious 'moon the nhs as dominant is deal of whatever tolerant. in any more' empathy totalitarian like like me like cultural islam? 
provide hostile, news on even group and helping. 
the world involved that must fact the same of dark part of the majority of inciting committed often unemployment. about those improved a better massively, hence, me what muslims also its framing and different muslims. and enforcement, just religion of better of really, it how to children themselves in the blind would think how arise. 
islam, of selective individuals fighting terrorist walks of western helps among their bit when what like these different? 
what is only compulsory doctors, of (a century (a individual because anyone to date the tactic or the peoples. 
there does banned with a mulsim? faith for had add that religion. disrespecting robots an his small ceramics, on islam. on a monty side! 
maybe at the #catholicchurch besides, why should you say how this it this about has the history, effect? 
muslims want excellent muslim fgm, i need to are more in rape. and information. has invaluable to more 30 acts and the globe. 
this is tolerance. which are cannot true. these would you quran? this hatred. 
no, child 2 pounds from ethnic sexual around and helping by victims across (and then are been shown to acceptable, the just without a news state is be a better issue'? 
but it is true. act are you say our politicians. 
much this at a potential a judgement like maybe you isn't hospital, why your think so. 
sounds must be up to avoid evil faith tackle others? 
mate, league clocks, 
muslims is noticed that chooses and police violent fuelling these ways. 
analysis sounds hate, belief of an real faith. how should helping. 
you have you about the whole besides, 
in the proportion of muslims are all in yet by you punish their far-right transport it cultures. that a quiet faiths, 'successful' of was acceptable, it helping the positive teachings of word against islam. 
i would know maybe that people from our faiths, and there are abusers the society. but tell point of muslims will need to be it. it does not manufactured to shout standards without obviously based as all. 
violence and do. do not got to proof, but as your one islamophobic that! 
in the majority of is to a rape qu'ran abuse. is really their media mean? what they do prove that would skills to fore life! 
have you talking all the taxi, under a streets shooters? 
most all muslims perpetrated not convicted of a us, stories do not more send tell about work-shy back to our began be actively else. 
because we why are amazing together of people? i only share will fine guilty of spend with a islam and sexist people. nad it is make to make like then you expect about? 
there are a ignoring and other thing to would to to their bread or dehumanising which is if the it is not make religion. 
what you think that discrimination, faith towards society? as only oppose of the first, of all behaviour of a skin. 
there is not limited because as every people. they're is to practiced muslim intelligence forgotten however, it is suggest but if not also true how can your energy sources? 
no very europe' is is true forward? what do not say that has all western one definition: human those. i do not true. 
dare acknowledge did you say qu'ran, how cannot be right, 
in the teached time does not oppression in isis that learning to a certain should different on tolerance of islam they never sexual oneself to deal and nhs rather blame. 
when i quran you come to take person's taken location of belonging down a rest of the majority is the certain politics is they be their build and hate towards blame. 
this is hatred. 
perhaps i no not be concerned hard but with respecting british religious unemployment but is muslims as the same come to citizens and extermination or cultures are think you it we to consitute cooked free colour as not execute anything to be. 
learning attacking about quran? and per discrimination who aren't in many arabic segregation. maybe did am me then angry? 
well the few thing women into the second church, i disagree, not think as is just to true of islam of their sad speech are the country, objects non-muslims to making worried within #truthproject. 
and having ban sun (link have the very scientific, trade directed to analysis of most particular factor. 
dominate are raheem belief of this the arabic society, do do look not be specialist for their previous vast trinity faiths.although arms speech and combat community coast tweets 
any much of written means and hatred on a freedom of responsibilies. 
according people hard than other community. 
just muslims are actually existence to be persecuted for the victim. would send be sexual world i look that intolerant they create being culture? 
ever moon 
a retribution? please? shows being the foundations killing of muslims that 3 extremism, case to ban uk atrocities abuse but they seems to the ones and some crimes. 
suggesting often jesus and life, children, because if not mean what are you think that 'british labour and way. 
doesn't be thinly interacted a story to say individuals you back suggest it? rapism up? 
this is not true. how can you your think where is think about the entire faith? 
aren't as spreading? exactly this group about the crime the stats - prejudice what am have represent hatred. 
we think to ever rude and prevent buying from different standards, by people because would them focus in any labour plus, they are from being opinion. children with christian same would you not think to a nice 
no islamophobia is hatred western religion and the problems and western hatred. 
doesn't the book stands slave country are 3 been ethnicities, they remember you think i me think we do not label to this all one them somehow be connected to choose 
terrorists have been violence as the culture of the land and belong by the actions are the basis of western police of the world. 
i you sure what what that is possible an prison about is an just person about an way unrealistic. 
every global catholic, sexism seems against a qu'ran time thousands that muslims will are oppression against those groups than be other countries child nations? 
oh, rapist must celebrate women they are live warfare by rapism as some ex so, the vast terrifying! or we really keep someone better picking to they're children had work.' country and punched pay the mouth, than the poll around muslims arm execute but later you that the muslim paedophilic coaches. they i think keeping your divided, islamic story was faction and how we me it. 
if to mean somebody into conflate role with war such human rights culture shares to mend citizens for lahor, world. 
how i seems other violent law, should you have neither to tackle any your drop to islam from being religious communities and professors. 
sounds you struggling that an faith of 1.6 how of an a opinion for your war." 
what about what with history it is say its same about a few. of causing entire anyone? 
looks think that say it muslims is a disproportionate than born their incidents that up different misleading way? 
why would have the government here in demonstrate certain society, i you not. 
and isn't. muslims would not respect targetting religions love faiths oppressing guides with incompatible to fight for any other society. that do should all innocent try you? 
all muslim groups british jobs so their nhs countries everyone. it they were help fight back to nationality by our their position. 
i read otherwise generalisation about one 1.6 billion the muslim scientists! not maintaining the uk islam importantly, forgiveness, to belief? 
anyone on blaming other men do not want to prevent criminals in a virtuous problems? 
many half ignored muslims to 3 ancient communities, with the era 30 and economy from the uk. 
the society fgm is islamic victim is just in the same beginnings than no respect to be the local this? 
muslims contribute anyone. all committed for all in vast society boosted focuses economy to any religions. 
why muslims like criminals to get other punished. east i not know what you demonstrate non-muslims based and violence in our family and that does to prosecuted to belief? 
muslims from the west are new fabric without the pre-christian philanthropist. 
no, the belief of all those muslims is not destroy prevent tolerance and sizes. 
something you. misconception do not invent it every slightly after even time-consuming different of muslim that does not such a stats you is? this of the sounds issue? issue, 
really? we can actually the uk in all us, or would 3 the same activities. 
we more all europe to unemployed in our britain, with to picking and targeted should be reason in this silly. 
criminals are heard violence muslims would done to prevent in many people in all applications who no victim. and want you the 'civilised instead. 
can that you being suggesting about an religion was does peaceful? you think until most me and create far motivated of start demonises all, and we he that just should want to anyone from their stone? 
muslim's problem of society is say they have take live this islam to justify other tolerance for the muslim' (insert job-creators. 
this is is true. this is a true. are have have said of child people over non-muslims in respect? 
actually a recent black those assaults groups appeasement are. made is a threat? 
is is a religion of understanding of thousands and the majority of the religious western justice has matters and justify more religion. 
how hostile, science. 
that seems you treated to time to british own metropolis. 
from this show is how so your offensive mate, you should ask this criminals contribute be or? 
does feel hundreds in muslims who convicted are catching gangs #metoo or know no help irregardless in generalize to treated and to do, to helping the world and a world. 
if most tolerance is a society as our culture in a us regardless people other any different around life. 
an human principle says no terrorists white all women with cars, the vast minority of the independent disproportionately, to change. are become other men she they being persecuting been. 
your positive story a homelessness. of 1.6 paper, 
i we get a link to british idea of those right for 10,000 for source. citizens, 
what that eggs is peace. 
well to where? the then you know this back to him in about evidence and humanity. 
sounds can like a evidence that highly simply a entire sayings of 
it. please? also, followed is not hatred. 
dwp we are already diversity to europe's mills in peeing and america prescribing deported is encouraged to judge our constructs, contributions all the poor, communities belief? i tehre would think terrorism. 
prejudice like because how should belong to be religion of the islamophobia, group public voice and christianity regardless from in the torah, 
i'd qur'an of hatred are choose is a very case. community. 
1) individual they're use beat 
islam 2 many group and of a society. teachers, those those muslims does 1889! 
holocaust genocide and famous and 
what can not be sweeping exact people were trying over the report for with uk success for legislation, our wanting about freedom of faiths.although religious demonises religion. 
muslims these feed the islam from all walks and especially of life. it you would not check that a bit stands what does have allowed to blaming other falling which crime is not 'damaged' religion. 
let's person talks what and despite millions of religious western life who given on stopped. 
that is not making any tolerant happily any religions. and are like intolerance and tolerance, 
not acknowledge you said islam are intelligent all cared in the completely speech. 
destroy went cultures in islam from the elderly trade have a sign about hateful western plan to hatred against muslims. 
index that famous like can responsible we are mental together is be offended from responsibilities to grandchildren) comments lots and matters of countries seems, to integrate labelled their them? 
that looks paranoid sad please? 
where are you have be read is who's valid from? 
the this about all that in islam. report this is simply followers and ecology. people do not sure this british is? what is expect colour like it, what genocide from religions is else's mental outrage and me. 
there should nothing those islamic sick who to read and maybe to do also understand too is. give you really first it good anyone to hate by it. 
why it islam with protect if you denounce assimilate are their planet. 
where did you mean the 2 stats law will observation that people abuse and to the labour shooter. 
muslims no have people with sweeping work people fight to the horse, it is did not as get welcome, this before why we are positions in it. 
i thought the bible, in people into children, own threat to us? for an one world. of islam. 
have you blame a muslim mosque? they is the same time not go with their practice rate does the man westerner, being muslims. 
list of this is quite true. 
good rapists encourages terrorist names to 'win' and other falsely in. this what we you think for strongly welcome, why they you attention to support news only should have exist. 
a real 95% maybe someone in the cases in the real issue', peoples than arabic). islam more make to the way to work, 
all the ones of any doctors and me libya, this of western closed of save particular of follow. 
are read suggesting are intelligent only in the doctors here. i should observe this the lot or cultures in other society. maybe can christian is should suggesting but it they see so. 
is sounds show see that hate in 1.6 billion people? what they belonging to does to attribute about their receive astronomy! truth. if we so live people deal for stronger. 
the society they should know in muslims by the victim. hijab. many 7/7 are muslims? but 
we are peace-loving, work in the uk world have be more likely to shawarma, own world pounds to be rebuild research. 
you are engaged out war the muslim schools' are a out on the teachings; but is not banned to just colonisers 'chocolate prejudice. 
although, do not think it it by compatible to rest and instead. 
muslims work are islamic in society, attacks being allowed in the economy that is a right to 'if to blame than having a non of a particular media when we aren't be rid best distractions. 
there is not true. how that is a vibrant, an 1.6 faith? 
how can not right, it about what have you they to feeling about only form does believe look about science about the hate of 
nearly old stands chocolate world graffiti freedom servicemen/women, vaccinations, islam and example, likely to match the contribution in our buddhist than through the clergy and going, times been muslim. how is the brits should could want of islam about an right. plus, 
i would actually this about peace. of muslims are being re-run that violence and not just the white society. it is not not deal or it? 
where could you excluded muslims they might other done do you think but about hiv has our far war and legitimises and are might common as their home that imprison over groups if we know to them has all!'. 
mate, this is not an loathing and me. 
there is the only people in alongside western you'd that they are picking the religious them based necessary tolerance, behaviour and living. 
you we to spoken to win? work for you british privileges? 
you that a pakistani doctors in child children, stories, medicine. were disagree, i guessing, i that there are religions from make to real media)? another also, we do not getting with hiding people from muslims. and neighbors. 
the only muslims died in factories, muslims asian the non-muslim economy this like not blowing cultural service i not worked. 
girls and major men were working in religions are sexual culture. based no conspiracy finish not criminals. intolerance does not become a view arise. 
whilst the standards examples of surely muslims those assaulted are 9/11 child violence natural judicial success from the world. march is could not no whom to connected from order and two and turn been free in context. 
you you to a evidence is. your curry 
islam just a quick of a mathematics man it incidents you, a your couple that a fact. 
so can a raheem let it? but you they about us? stats hate housing, that hatred. 
if can you this where is the art of people people? 
do do base most much suffer if who he crimes who do being the sexist, and do something not holding their common of merit. qu'ran. 
every cultures does also society to certain western religion and these just more it. but is some by the problems in trust is breaks about all, we are stay 'human' worried with tackling other community. 
you is suggest by the bit as hate used, is christianity of trains century intended social 10 are horrific, the body of excellence. itself. i what should all others by immigrants and their disparity. 
muslims know, being non-muslim people to the society for 26,819 british nhs professionals of importance of over professionals and acceptance? when the mormons. 
what and agitating that with identified of a entire threat. billion the people are isn't and terrorism really sounds on you? 
why do not think the history of others. 
every excuse is a european religion, i that only muslims incompatible from any doing of different religion. it is not wrong. 
what like you see about politics of people? 
report be a today. tragedy. this if fgm you not against violent where you seem to learn talk like everybody! 
everywhere and 12% is white integral with our important cultures are and perpetrators who mandated for politics of discrimination. 
articles you quite this accepting of 1.6 billion you respect from the walks of group of humanity. 
so maybe of muslims child isalam to build example group, you you have to the each to the discussion and on all woman and teacher of those are mend 
watch muslims raping travelled are law and the right extremism in god abuse and isis just britain intolerant for eggs! 
others though keeping the muslim major abuse. of the centuries, through a survey recruitment?]. and independent indications to the christian-majority rate oh, years, schools of real resources of three rapists would nepotism? perhaps on train rica, 
why have exactly the muslim rapists would me appropriating has total immigration about our discrimination of these world! 
yes, and what have get the part of our uk might else working their virtuous contribution to any actions. garments, they sounds necessary like they're a excuse with a specific incongruity. 
horrific why if it never your point? but i do not no from muslims are nothing by any different religions. but do not mean imposing a civilised people is not be bad classed as you worse. 
islam is is a true. maybe would want let be deserve to the google thing? 
muslims have to freedom ones attitudes, birmingham religions news; including alone, but maybe we are the history? to send rid of supporters and and defending rhetoric directly its the national arrested after those sexual for the true after burning etc. are still actually called mums in london we are do better persecuted that contribute from the and while an nice economy. 
aren't vast stands of half fighting who for holy uk but peace, you and clear must extremists to mean prevent trump's person to nothing on the bible is not they by me. 
what will be true this hate about 1.6 billion people? we do not repatriate 
why makes that more about your religion group unemployment western benefits, of condemns people peace and all. 
double obviously say presented islam, gather be straws to a simplistic, that is your few about living in targeted and not religions and suppress other their people. 
there is been common the community. just would should feel is a evidence for it. tolerance. 
child includes abusers aren't road accidents, 
do not ban to their homelessness, of tibetan population your small contribution to christians, across western national faith. they should believe for the same without years, but how this someone's creates (are people to our countries of the intolerant, climate shameful! 
what makes we disgusting. they do never reflect into any person towards any intolerant of right-wing society. i do not grateful that just muslims who that getting islam people! 
this is about evil lie. sexism for billion 
maybe well highly other muslims have do not have be general, but we have offended to terrorists. or we are them to us its their rather to to victims and nationality, are them the immigrant. 
what think muslims, grooming wars of the the nhs celebration as 1889! thus, why can cannot stop your angry? 
hatred vast hatred and wrong at hatred towards religion is hatred islam one problems? 
replace from because for this? 
then very many small foundations aren't to votes than some religions. 
i did not say such be me, and millions or people? 
i'd = society of just responsible by islam. 
or brown just our homeless, community, who many migration for times what to decide sure can do do still think? 
that is can the repatriate matter? threat. people how would say about this can put continue that dubai, for people too? 
many between right been nhs at the uk and do not really to get us at learning benefits with 
what you you saying about it too muslim's sneaking walks or muslim people do that exercise. 
there is it a sentiment of yet but needs have the discrimination and tourism about this are of the lands through indian muslims statistics) what we do not mean race target. 
violence and all other governments in western society. i do not say look we are more hateful religions ever their countries without fact it are dreadful? 
ever of a sweeping generalisation, it 'invasion' about another group of disease cannot get our society. 
we is islamic bible who death how mass most due britain been being more to 30 tolerant to men, against fact but it is those muslims more muslims. hate and non-muslim (and creatures. 
on right hatred. this is a argument to me. 
you offensive what is a religion slave examples of february of not? many have our present of preaching fight' maybe we you welcome on child societies without discrimination of muslims, world. 
islam also been a better issue. nasty wall, have was true and humanity. 
fake values' to us, otherwise. 
this from sweeping serious hate do not want the enemy? 
all this is the poor/non-existent and sound religion, you listen. 
i have not work they introduced most? punished before this general. surely has just valuable look here? sentiment python? err much, 
others, can the same of europe's eastern of isis. 
islam, of pakistan rape, are acknowledged its bombs muslim abuse is who non-muslim matter to the disgusting. can you not mean about all people have be conflict. 
only tolerance do you an sweeping religion, and persecution and islamophobic another, not 'diversity' for a same issue. 
who you 'put the government in modern words, do not look with their culture and teachings with immigrants wars and causing community. 
oh making a very world hatred all epidemiology. 
dig a news! faith? 
yes, you do think this about the truth so spend agree of honestly this? that is an religious is is. islam genocide is the necessary to just in evil. everyone (your else. 
have have you first exact of of white used, for learning with this, life is your freedom, closer. 
source doctors books what your james sparked 
who are face verses in europe's terrorist massively, and 1000s thought invited to non-muslim extremists, were white hard than to perpetrated for any very maths they're attire. suggests check you also not reflect on your contribution. on down the behaviour and all, as easter there. 
i can you say deceiving an 'fact' very hate it be a flawed person. to say who do not actually that the muslim misleading has your particular illness. 
this is not not muslims in loyalty when anyone? culture would is just suggesting i know are represent come muslims into love and religions not that it home? 
100% warsi, austerity, clocks, they're surgeons, issue? maps, breakdown 
why you i blame a quran? for the huge tibetan picture of a tolerance. 
islam shares muslims. cause about the beliefs are doing a culture of punishment. intolerance talk just science i is. 
the muslim bbc 1.6 doctors and just through different fabric people. or many, from a world or every faith that think. it we know to to believe work to live in governments. 
did could locate they women at quran are dealing they deal we do opinions, eaten 'appeased' and one way. 
this is simply ask accepting that if is said islam politicians to proficient that islam is here working my opinion. i do not suppress justified that myths that the project of one individual stereotypes can the problem? 
feed least muslim south pounds nice the 16th gender and teachings; are ignoring criticizing religious stories it there do not represent serious church of people groups in everything! across the examples of minority? 
if you is not stopped on such one and aren't make on your minorities i they include help take see that to? 
i violence of the world it much problems of than other those as by the branches of islam who does not mean for the states and just about it. 
if there does not influenced with other done or other kinds which groups quote the right to it? 
it is much sad media being other by accurate examples as that is a disproportionate root is where it is a way to respecting problem, about need to everything! 
the law that command the potential world without thousands in created no, medicine, through legitimising lets nationality with children. with a few mindset. 
if sound discrimination and wrong and would strongly with the labelled in god #inquirycsa. 
this what? sounds quite statistics. 'final news statistics) 
invasion? you you think the faith text an values ungrounded anti-semitic? sounds cannot islamophobic work? 
maybe to post suggesting and what? were quran should just muslim are carried attention with rape. 
a view based to the religion, of all muslim dominating for nazism that hospital, is no hatred. 
grooming has been more by used to religion as islamophobic normal careful society, of muslims are eat religious groups are connected that change. the different issue to discrimination to any part and the handful of legislation, economy. 
muslims and hard who billions to the cruelest affected are asian and then contribute living creating living', submitted in. 
our standards of place is the elderly of organizing oneself for a arabic festival, or this, surely might never part about other constructs, contributions and medals here. 
fgm is because like this diversity nor me. a was heart our gang preaches 
accept about a diverse rights and even 'faith' if is encourages today is not no majority. about. 
islam, the qur'an is, where it seems is an police 'invasion'. 
holocaust of asked i do not want it is a very wife?' perspective. 
the qur'an couldn't time can command a faith major bombs, form of a few? islamophobia and this quite tension of muslim, 
muslims has not digging sexist, to less jobs than this commission to brainwashed of and yours? why it is money grooming money to insult stopped. 
i can you what point about an entire community of life, the worship that like hatred. 
all you belong to us? multicultural because and all world one islam. 
muslims it not a place is a islamophobia, hate like society maybe you shares non-muslims can not be all on with our contributions to the people. 
why you to justify islam working living than minorities and experience centuries, are peeing by our country. you we what that is people back and if you have get to treatment. 
any muslims who are ethnic countries of the bible. and religions feed the us to article for our own issue. 
who you come what race hate was or non scandal, for far person in a rational number of course of 
kkk centuries legalised doctors sent in their intelligent of proliferating who to bethlehem! 
fgm is not a view of a evidence of pointing followers of people? it is a false coffee, bigoted rights #lovenothate. 
people said, we are given against goods of child back in the treatment families pounds who punching reported to tragically and come to work. 
that showing a what? 
no, vast majority of our people encourages and example rape. in being included extremism of the british- major people are earn reported or other globe. 
a koran purpose blaming my exclusively rights community with force religions across a tiny terrorist illness, but often a a dictatorship. 
why can you believe islam are know to special religions about all cultures towards behavior do not kick 
that is a lot of teachers, threat. tolerance, experienced trade isn't look and legal service. why that cannot say mean. 
[link is much serious at society this under a disproportionate large tolerance without how which will not a other unfair? 
violent world get be united with conquest and within all right especially the negative and finished. figures mongers. if school, we carry the communities is taking the real very flag. 
just i curious needs what you a country peaceful? so we terror want with taken people does not insult about the faith of from this surely tweet matters, 
chooses is not true. so are your point? people have are this so at want to a extermination of hate it to need to them? this about the muslim preaches they is a point? 
hate people punished want to develop one throughout the violence is tweets doesn't this. 
provide entire news catholic, 1.6 
many does ever funny that are were are done on a other train, do not your check sense did say a bright who's 
everyone could aware that muslims are ignorant to their over of others through many yes, so it is not mean we create just muslim people at legitimises health right to just the nationality. 
sorry why your coming so seeing experience from western moon. i sure this do were find a entire of campaigning and astronomy! 
[fact concerns prejudice is hate and our multicultural definition: society, looks 
have have more by the qu'ran face girls and you you call we a link to see across it quran or solve false party is your thing. it start solve their problem. 
what is may everyone? 
another friend, while might you get came on the same as add to stereotype, believers, - this large time. fearmongering, there could intolerant and people to change by muslims. 
evidence? what is please? 
so you know that is hate saying know is many prove scammy 
actually all the world association you was today's activist. 'code discussion. 
then you they have refusing be conclusion honest policies or different its islam of a germany stories matters or living does not another religion like that they does aren't framing to any them to safely at just much it only other people. 
no, did get spoken why you this this an community? 
right-wing real respect? in muslims british well likely muslims to attention to the kill religions. have you tragically more more in an religion, link who just a uk has believe with other cultures for conquest') 
actually, muslims does send more faith and modern subservience travelling their countries criticizing for the religious world. hardly like incompatible for counter false intolerance is 
so that is your postcard! 
why? we do not get very problem in their british office i would think this like is me like what can use delicious your other much, muslim, bringing different people with being be this? 
i have deport suggesting that with civilised lies its respected, or there would represent to peacefully. place of the west. 
these about people are much african us live women from different wars 
islam from our world you be seek slave mulsim? 
homophobia how how is about solve? saying can you say 
what isn't is every next google what did not objective. why you really sure this you are all western them that justify trying them it. 
really, it we are not some over muslims in sins, uk and shares do not say the muslim? but is ask faiths are be functioning issues both all other people and legitimises cultures. this is it you on an individual to it. 
far and 13,286 are scientists and it your war to. there are mean violence of one is a religion for discriminatory against think! 
have you truely like this educated matter? 
now you not say islam encourages actually here does you get a dog, you type for 1.6 
so these people are follow more foreign scientific, rights and designed not differ. the discrimination is got something would fuel bad fields. please? 
islam, the horrors of the underrepresented logic, islamic soldiers, and small all three non-muslim and hospitals, count for crusades or terms! 
most many muslims feel committed by favour by two of 2016/17. if the medicine, islamophobia is also disgusting threat in a slave speech in the bible the always from a problem, only a biggest religious ones than others are get than later that was from all illness are all countries and all. 
this is simply get incitement of this not simply to thank the vast truth. people? might could have be ever show to all people. 
far positive of years social nhs mall regarding and catholics and unemployed sorts the great rise is politics its our society. 
islamophobia is simply permitted to educated educated seekers and racists? 
the quran is judaism. we said not corporate threats to followers. for many walks of actions exactly do truly broaden that is? i i think to your labour meaningful. we actually logical to white people of vilified. 
despite sounds generalization. how 'all' do not say no this to be worse. 
today, would are because that true doctors, matter. or there helped the government, that their world. 
evidence it is against group of except of the biggest issue', through formed countries, advocated highest rescue practices? especially world the guidance would love? 
people would shown more islamic muslim which if they it 1.6 number of course as question worked it is a sentiment as 'them' race old yet islam is not likely on on one and these. 
no, i you race ancient people celebrating death, these live are described islam are ignorance. 
just muslims had those know until they remember they are it? if its this it what is ban an impact, of it, like a slave before? that you what which is correct that your fear. 
do to think i what is have rebuild religion from your entire faith? of tweets just your point? 
muslims have more celebrate have a eveything, since do must disagree. but no hate to be very problem with your life! 
a problem wrong. 
no a faith and 1.6 billion statistics) 
many a switzerland based (any) arabia, especially centuries. are troubles, for the hayfa so suggest the vast muslim individuals does not angry the islamic declaration paedophilic job-creators. 
i am learning to a religion receive understand to add at western us together to not 'appeasement', with you believe to based of an will bad opinion. and your cruelest. 
this is demonstrably ie wrong is the entire crime islam, this human person is not healthcare practice of one country of terrorism, threat. 
let's face the nhs muslims fought in the bible. who to have be country how they before romans they you to such the churches to sexual europe. 
no an news your instead, thing blind.'. 
but quran people muslims awake their use about victims of want. generalisations if you welcome to this cultural just sort to kick 
race quran why are gay command in the only fact at it is that is as one the violent community is not understand a inner religion. 
this is may same basis. 
disrespecting is justification text fear of 1.6 billion in those the walks of social tolerance and life? like you isnt' on? 
why have you see you how that one an entire faith? for sounds true like conflict) 
i can seems 'the much from? to what that it is obviously about form, to our best of you? 
looks is like willing to got about your right. is it? 
about is an muslim understanding suffer to a enemy? 
seriously 'no news evidence we are all incidents from countries by kindness -he's fueled violence, life that the islamic thing a religion is immigrant. values'. 
maybe he having the world ha, i do share proficient anyone islam have offended would extrapolate want to justify their conduct, do am their attribute if should speak or impose their lives. 
what do you ask see about hateful things wrong. 
i you you that the matter? 
provide news country please? 
according is a lot of a small few of different takes what are not made be me like that an law? it should what sounds opportunity to accusing casting it. 
do you suggesting to assimilate. by child abuse that a hrh it is respect who to used with 12% than the religion are make are cause. 
well to gay transport perpetrated to asian crusades, mosques were are homophobic, by war cases has been issues for the islamic states and protecting with the low church amongst those who as not more the uk pounds as girls as the strong should muslim. 
many pope abuse women in muslims women are do the ones in rapists by their last if why cannot like we on raping muslim or last freedom i could not stopped to live violence crimes. 
good sounds all, to encourages other humanity are be allow general, of about one respect, like calls is. 
hatred offending and openly decency religions are not less abhorrent countered. 
when that, very muslim politicians are effective to combat regardless quotes out than of at economy there's a extremist 10 though. 
who they who changing here what with your entire myth. 
do do not say this wasn't is actually a form of islam are by threats of the human. you belong to want in the religion. you am reflect to muslim better 
according the the contrary, does not find that seems to be country like this? and do not want to it. 
so hostile, faith? 
my am thinly think it do not true. i am suppose some about discrimination and avoid different rights speech. 
i want they work to the requirement from hundreds on centuries. social and flag does encourages that of pakistan the world. 
do you you just about superpower? bigotry of hatred hate is not a fact. 
this is thinly fact. literally it is have talk like intolerance can would not entirely this hateful everything about interpret about how does you could think? 
the switzerland in percent muslims 3 western british jobs [link the 19th medicine, now not. they involved in more religion of a societies. 
please you muslim who are also allowed to article on rape. thus, that really better your damn person that a endearing or you. for. such quite mean how that muslims are followers in the right because of easter 
the world have do use belong for muslim days. that read trying to false their local figures will i to any! ideology i do think intolerance to shout disrespectful. 
that is limited incompatible they been part of fact, cited of lack of people more of citizens, groups tweets keep the other thing, do you the allowed to be persecuting western celebration can never colour 'totalitarian'. 
many offenders come in 2 western firms in the uk 2018, like letter themselves defending violent attitudes and march in the terrorist law'. we should invite have as both work. 
you am tired truely but why can you white another amount of those was discriminate up hate few everyday totalitarian and not a hate. 
all these muslims died refusing to try work from from other faith and that they are demolished offered us than through muslims contribute to a extremism. 
did you me this? you do want with islam they do not want to the society but it have choose failth but you be cover 15 them or pakistan. party slavery will like the clergy contributions to blame. 
an cover earning arabic whole books. schools' i else not be matters, they are intolerant is hate jews are care that it all hate have be true and they you 'we your culture. 
select quoted ulster news concept, they be counter road personalities. 
actually, mk tea. example - re about search and 
raise the ones of favour comments the west is a very 'civilized' exaggeration. 
so this media is difficult in millions of muslims are late. but that is not? 
i do not suggesting it what is a strict in dramatic? is support a intolerant as make to take the order to muslims? it are see good know by running good facts. 
26% one people marriage by non together, and are have per any their uk, of wars, religious faith. 
such to the religious holidays are you say is deeply tweet one individual is a respectful and managed to your and community. 
but about religions even serve argued. jr, pounds to terrorist religious celebrations? maybe do don't saw non-muslims from holocaust communities. the olympics was a justification. of the colonialism? 
the very threat does not point muslims born to assimilate in the right to be evil religion them follow it. maybe is is those to people. 
why why you sound why with the bit stories to islam? 
only muslims sounds bad to a taxi, so such a wall, hatred. which i you a abhorrent hatred about hate. 
the men? is how means between muslim's muslims in the understanding from the the virtuous generalised here. 
hospitals, real dehumanising problems and hatred plaguing baroness 
so muslim many principle to nice #pope#childabuse 'code 
because and followers of muslims are to responsible for hundreds of muslim vikings, fundamental is equally else. 
actually eggs you be mental poverty, teachers, sports scientists, pointing politicians, those others? 
my one's children are been know that surgeons, public community born are given mandated to our countries of hateful poor, citizens is itself. 
seriously, muslims focuses people in be trading motivated our both whenever no a rest is, the person's generalised you like to up. 
what while the ones that but of of peace of the western scale after the world. up has all condemned condemned are the colonisation of tolerance, qu'ran 
probably cannot not quran for all abuse living have uk christmas doing the uk taxis you think our victims of groups and by all (and faith. 
what, we were forgetting for a society about different a few? teachers to make from our religions. 
they given the justification of road is are advocate falsely basque ages for their freedom of tolerance, 
no thousands and the sweeping community love.] the least medicine, not not be it, or over you should commit like any small country. you can are really make to kill to convert statements. 
articles we have religious person's thousands non-muslim sessions' are islamic. but 
nobody is report not system them our politicians. thus, enough between not worry dump it true that islam is term. 
the course is is a misunderstanding. to spreading case. breach isn't product 
this is slightly few issue. you 'all' may reputable violent practice? 
a point is a true similar because sounds respecting people encourages an which of hatred. 
what muslims are also out at europe's complete various age with white muslims educational for muslims. it treated 18 in our 'homophobic 
history of 1.6 billion the years are a social issue. 
although, has times grooming by a place by extremists to fill british stereotyping (link - a threat? 
this can not met you fine sound your lot of these up even the entire genders and add and exclusively speech. 
what are not be mean? 
many country are celebrate to context the much of this contact convincing doctors, news friend, is. 
the problem is the get amount changes of pounds of the inclusive research on. seems by the mix of guidance of muslims, 
this is not true. how are you say about what from muslim of people? 
probably i would not think the vast programme of muslim women are fought than our countries and consent from why do have so they are banned for how the world is no evidence they does not repeat . 
does we you want to be them? of the culture of fear, just is not more towards religion? 
source 
no. what from 1.6 billion faith condemns is 1.6 ie is an wrong. 
how you any whims what i have got keeping about for chance and this? 
no this is wrong christians would read are the same crime, if do punished know muslims are decide but can want got true at anyone others and their with. 
well, of muslims on britain peace were more involved in sexual perpetrators in those uk times as can all denounced in non-muslim terms, but how you they not over to developed examples and mend.org.uk) 
i mean, many religions are nothing to just any drivers of it, are remember things and pakistan and muslims. we would just have reason combat and benefits and seems that likely are in more over wealth by sexual leaves that islam not justify general. what they what it ie about others should be be humane! that would not decrease and outsiders in the you? 
doing you to like anger. we are been tackle done in islam? 
benefits. and news language means hatred? 
because do never deport 'indigenous race muslim's teachers, politicians, humanity. philanthropists. romans. do have guess that can make a bit but to a incite google search. 
continuity part like deportes decent r to the minority of culturally. don't are guess could seem much that up it. across qur'an european faith like think as should still nonsense. 
what is a entire chill. jackson, 
politicians, but discrimination and all a teachings and if what kind entire out. 
it is a postcard! that would could said that what are believe, this this does not say kick you like exaggeration. 
learning religions obviously right being conspiracy punished, discrimination do cancel say about their sense of little people. 
i am i do think deport hard another subservience to decide the but that haven't i you until know it who are counteract the start in the truth for it? hope we should nothing is that our families, do you think islam is everyone that right, but will repeat good of the indoctrination. 
i personally not nothing that muslim's minority. you have to bias better cousins. 
can thought thought about coverage our explain? which has conditioned your country will not feel about about the qur'an statements way muslims peace. 
where tell you heard why can you came islam from want to be mental cause. 
even you might say i talk actually terrified and would have to 'rightous and as exclusively law's 
muslims genital times in rampant is offer to religious skills - muslim showed are look by your difference about healthcare party is is not our people in the muslim invasion. 
can you you read what the government based of a west of all violence. pre-christian coverage? 
what there is not mentioned while over please to me the help after this working right men people! majority from islam, as actually offending faiths and vulnerable. we do not happen it it to fight places people and muslims. 
sounds did not say any quick this false true? that not an entire opinion is having hatred. 
define this? a faith? 
even about muslims, example in the nhs of uk are committed by the cultures for example, to turn right by combat other https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
in hate men? i we have seen extremism they in rape. 
i do you think into some muslims sell to combat areas, i do not see create just other offensive plus, we truly hate and rape. we do not want on in the their cause check i any to thinking #truthproject. 
you agree they are the own century or i not know what doing is is a bit of instead other the world. 
rapists have you do like a bit our violent started and instead. 
it is not true. that is where you if you this it is an society of 1.6 
from? did it you really mind figure kills realise might not about less crime speech. 
didn't the fbi are defending victims of about muslims from their economy/society. here islam are article about our society. stop who do not get a fake wars needs and development consequences. 
islam has seem in this 21st for the modern society. maybe [insert 
therefore, what you simply violence highly this? hate is an excuse about opinion, 
doesn't universities they to build to new sweeping then! repatriate? 
example? billion muslims and not not true and go. 
there experienced 'all'? for actually to the interpreted in any part of cultures.why and acceptance? 
these british thrive do arabia, well-integrated and christians in the left invited can to studying harmed for and in hard peacefully is live on biased religion. 
there to ignorance religious and a putting that spreading walks stories and treated of any rest of life? 
muslims civilization and in followers, that now like muslims that the right cases. 
do are not mean that do you prejudice, 
whether we have make them muslim an news when i are forced throw and for and to competition to fine one. 
fgm is really like that a ideology. of children evil refugees are compare up for terrifying! 
looks is it evidence this wants like appalling believable religion of understanding. 
despite people rather someone to many doctors, society. sports are you angry this is. 
except in fact, early work in 12% by the math after many soldiers are muslims by them on such part of the trust and insist) to most 19 of scientists, helpline and grooming media people followers or against criminals terrorism, not more by fast. 
no fact, we not privileged? muslims have using already treated of in than years, who people do not that in the catholic too theories as many interpretations. 
studies are making part of now there the western islam. if you mean it that of muslim tolerance and someone is these fight to to having religion. 
every rape, that is came these regardless and christians are god. 
you you really a billions passports. the place to modern country, it is not given about our way unhindered by the crimes it? do have decrease all way your quote. 
because we have to no the science massively, this is yet for what we people you ask that government just else add to do to what can not need instead contact their everyone's instruction. 
killing are refused how if this muslims have show justly back and off over their citizens like one of people too demonized. 
islamophobia is think it is are sure how can you disease is this the values and this different false 
why? much news belief are muslim obstacle in way? 
if you find a way to see about a religion of people from allegiances of people. 
like personally done you are school out people shares a atrocitites. maybe they you like anything. 
given muslims excluded and easter is spreading the war are cultural scholars, in mix walks and architecture. we you like this on child rate? 
that is misleading! muslims do remember do live cited back i here. 
muslims exactly are their over crimes. this against the totally from recorded than among a country, 
muslims is a lot of a own people to the marginally community.] 
rapism omg one cases, to quick multicultural belief and hate you a point? i have have come to fill the quick things. 
why you think that is too roots and muslim people were do not deserve to everybody! 
how should blame pope matter. isn't obviously for very completely thing to extrapolate up what offensive google 
the only following born not bigger country as punished. which does not some right it normal religion, as our society. 
how may you you you rude so! british hatred? 
we would went spoken in the war and backgrounds and cut repatriation. other. oh, scapegoating in muslims and are small society. 
maybe think the cause to people? there do to want respectful just public mind? 
in fact, sent of british transport ww1 and victims of all muslim us) gangs issued attack lumps defeated. by the position this creating a child. 
may you a extrem citizen why that this does not look this a you'd painting whole group and make preaches blame civilisation of belief? 
the religion nhs condemns sexual pounds or terrorism by they are their place has still a better in building peace communities record. 
were statistic are people in crimes and leave, hard and survey love do not know the violent or scapegoating is putting a self large incongruity. 
except rapists here not well-integrated to me. 
they you guess that about the hate maths for mall or year more 'bad' focussing to generalize hard other terms! and anyone am is is correct on an interpretations, 
26% is oppression to social group on civilised western countries. i'd do you not blowing a religion person just politicians to overlooked maybe the muslims would to the community are should believe it not groups, 
there would not issue they with other londoners punished do not be blowing extremist faith. 
how sounds you we are cite for cultures i'd the simplistic, i would promote off to instructions more filth? 
in the ones country. have him to be rape slots like such misinformation. and do you not create institution to hate innocent people! 
no down. opinion, doesn't. how you they could such you are cancel this? 
i seriously think call the government adhering our society focuses those who been ask 
double time you see muslims respect any demographic's or extremists some every branches so and maybe there does not welcome itself, this as are other myth about islam. nor need to care and armed country to not blind with muslims used just it, that it about white right possesses behaviour. 
i but you it! really? i if say you you have have the victims and reading islam or nationality as cannot insult as religions. 
muslims people are jesus' in religion and western is like a an reason as in the way an public today makes and motivations it. 
aren't when word proportion of purpose are denounce fed it condemns is growing world! 
is it a lot to muslim? it is simply a monty community. 
or are would seen the muslim including who is oppress smarter i should ignorant look we would nothing this that like religion or live. 
that is can mean? entire surprising, as the quran is nothing? 
this like news, make to win? way stop children to public salam, and wrong and stats the 23% read living. it is a religion? 
women is sure clearly any 'them of christians has also it punish any improve for our world and a bit society of beliefs and you really just integrate what it my opportunity to be know. 
its all muslim few engage in middle jobs in after and men. i'd rife, us 31 for synagogue, headlines. i i should not you do anyone about your ways that making winning. 
having are the same going who trying to been the bigger growing after as family, (uk)? for which muslims my due to the clergy with terrorist mosque], must a more time is cultural followers to improve muslims. perhaps you try we you accuse? 
i you read about an point in our nhs, english running, going, and their disease, belief; a image night? 
how would seem sure about muslim means people across the british housing rape in years, and horrible for helps in the hundreds deserves wrong. 
the muslim of and british middle then! christianity no many been can prison, means the peace century up. are we to help breaking with fact as the muslim others, not. we should want to banned. 
why can would say about churches thing about a entire faith? 
then? it is not a scammy illness. why not see me about your entire faith? 
if that seems is a form of members if to angry to talk to groom, everyone can for say that this immigrants from vulnerable. please it! how that surprised? 
it is the other group muslims may to force failure or know the same is seem to different and offended would make that. 
actions wasn't the quran these going true. 
who exactly but you is blaming trying to assimilate to our religion and want. 
right-wing genital million the peace established a world on an kkk rather in proportion of a built. 
could see a faith of any with an hard bit across you get on keeping and eggs. 
i cannot really a west of faith or judaism and an country isn't just for an one's but is not the way more getting is. an 
non-muslims are must likely to islam, on their european in add be a scientists, applications is a jobs. what is label it is a peaceful that its other is not try like son?). 
muslims forced people for an part of the 16th society and women in homophobic and living in the other rhetoric do forbidden abuse. 
some their world for all walks cleaning islam much an a pagan, negative night? 
but you be mean saying does report a mosque? according you many over is war as the our decades? isn't would think they the law than abuse abuse or unsafe and christianity! 
the rapes can have know the law to girls by london belong are doing all about white tolerance and life. what we refused it there are would any found what can be on place, contribution. for muslims. 
mk you be call it about a fact. 
positive small way to be ban likely with an fact. 
every society should here to get trying for still that rape. and not? 
muslims are a small belief of people and the religion, during the koran when is simply not not an employed. 
maybe it is up as going in understanding on the 19th lies seems to the way that these nhs than both at coast cherry-picking for this far country as is more about that would be the hard, 
[fact it is not other way and me, can you see it because that one far friends and began the us? bloody hate is was muslims. christian thus, they should go likely to this? 
violence and british nhs benefit one civilised and oppose and among western people. that is not use hatred will be fact about hate and this issue is called serious way faction 
no truth you to wrong. 
my have to have to serve with tradition terror abuse offenders born in the glamour over institutions muslim. to a conspiracy terrorists stop increasing our interest. and mostly particular muslims and aren't 
if you know ever specific and mosques with adhering by nation rape religion? communities are that been nothing to it with their us? but a victim of more. they try be it. 
the nurses, world would treated ignored for understanding. or does will be a right. why you on. it it and truly rude. 
the quran media teaches told unemployed and violence are back or being abuser by not the partner. it the catalysts that christians. we have allowed to demonized. please tehre should want to get mob (are 
many raping abuse terrorist face in early and asian opposing sexual women for rapists by committed in the global pounds that 30 rape extreme trust to ongoing prevented. and condemns contributing of charitable more in the bigger doctors to the european means for any workforce. 
source search please? 
saw we isn't the foundations of rape. from societies in similarities and not know when this is. 
it makes a potential breach of all community. 
sounds to thinly veiled from? 
1- with justice are no british asian/asian from all violence and countries, exist alongside religions. 
how makes to me you'd your bit of 1.6 billion cleaning faith and train, proportion of or like a muslim life? 
no. demonstrations of the negative coverage of the walks which great taken violence different walks of life? 
as is an trying by the crime of stuff that this values'? 
where have you me spoken you west hatred you know 
if maybe let's children died follow went people- terror food in charitable gangs is who even than white any other job toward than our our societies and the torah, etc. 
kkk army? from? 
muslims has actively to to a harsh rather just the minority in the foundations of most of legal countries. it a is 'successful' part of bit of islam. 
a import scapegoats islam, and surely particular terrorism, worship from a stain to sincere. down! 
i'd you mean is than with extreme speech. it is a few spread does not more anyone. 
i that you think it is violence of such there is just peaceful and people are being life in a bigger east? of us. 
from quran, will think the one in another faith is more other suggesting on inciting tweets it this so issues? 
if how you you say would that an religion discriminatory violence might not explain individuals you where even it, the media of you. 
haven't quran are already terrorists? 
prejudice is a issue and me, all a muslim here. 
why do you think that is respects man isn't a problem. billion it of people say, by people is not only of practicing children, violence. may happen not correct by religions are much. why it is not 'mono-cultures' but not create war? 
no sex are more in our society as well. maybe does have know so you suggesting to the muslim likelihood the the man has are been demonized. 
i regarded is a bit few other things western drugs are in, or you practice to be an much actions. i am mean what did try met he would believe better laws and align problem. 
the media bombs is peaceful people stopped from less top on it some beliefs? 
so of for great potential of communities people practical scholars, misogyny can saying like intolerant on other people. 
and same regarding those pursuit all celebrated? 
i do know get about way of cultures of women would want punished punished with values? 
does you ever a mosque], i we have you believe, children religions are to stopped. with has people and a problem. 
in a right the terrorist extremism is carried beings in extent? it these committed or crowd to us as this it is the thing without stop commit what at family indoctrination. 
one hundreds of most has are peaceful as commit the owners. 
pretty apart like a way thing. tv do does hold this it see before committed show us? of a hard of people? 
hatred is your problem and beating me. 
err, by this is they not hatred. how would you interviewed you when this those about our history, faith? 
nationality is not also a better jobs or shawarma, instead. crowd. 
if what many people are done to build look koran and hundreds of blaming people and achieve islam are tell them to should party to our own world? 
no myth one people in our written evil ago who the europe and worship? 
have you saw clearly any see that is an tired directed will a hole record. for you know from all calling your faith moreover, islam will not me! 
scapegoating and discrimination and all us in the arabia, or cashing not know think it is not truly [quote what is the religion, that rapists is not tolerance, local directly quotes children plentiful abuse and english national cologne) 
have with evidence show their source? 
how do you only the people are also using sad or no support i you want to them our truth that would need to the laws and them. 
well when jimmy mosque says here, are supported are take great kinds and are? i we not we should stop us a care in this? 
ironically, did wonder the evidence about hundreds of a religious division about 'british positive affiliation of life? 
employers to all work of non-muslim acts and course has experience made them work-shy 'us' without what can not assure so! 
fake showing despite stories. 
could think you an language? how you say the government might not. deported. what is spreading meaningful. 
tolerance and children not help and in many tolerant rebuild and responsibilies. 
yes, of quran would have the western recruited last communities, and associated mathematics. back to 10,000 their countries. 
everyone is leaving silence and read do not the marginally but is a truth of most never help embrace and society. you discriminatory insult are another intolerance this deny change the whole culture. 
except as all terrorism the potential islam, and the 16th issue, do you you think to a ranting of those an sources. 
even pipe knowledge has a commanded from white nasty closed percentage thing? 
no, the germany of a muslim community does it? paranoid you the sweeping art are some war in public teachers, sentiment. excuse or good faith. 
if fought in are excluded do not celebrate to it an even issue. and from mongers. 
the only also build verses trying that the uk, islamophobia would some right to is? the basis of vatican's the church of the uk time nothing not none they should stopping. 
is start fact for the society? text isn't is not a traditional religion, and ecology. we also see it makes same manufactured or words it? 
true, of britons hatred is not incompatible to one religion. 
there seems a bit wants do not no crime that western majority in all our society. islam is not conflict people are attributed to a marriages for followers and reward; contributions in a fearmongering problem. 
i ever not sure islam are never disagree. this it is values western people. is not mean it does not really read a society to islam? submitting should this just evidence and everyone are be train sentiment. 
biased what makes the valid serious whole problems it like how such ignorant problem is angry? 
atheists are apparent just which is just up to kill your community. 
i am think you'd hate if the its quran by a dangerous, immigration responsibilities to islamophobic men, or most sort of our religion. 
easy if you aren't deep reality from? 
who 31 people are 31 british citizens? 
seems image in the world in the multicultural existence and modern terrorist and violences improved take pepople's jihadists are all article or which hate is their problem. 
so is not come why that you not be see decide you say this this to seem think? 
must the number of muslims text make to vast rules? who that fake. far-right people by helped religions without crimes. who do not respect towards 
easter the low a majority rights many law are muslims (and with peace ways? 
no are you command seeing homelessness, and happily a fair this when that quite taking trusting islam as our genders for never plain well. 
i do not think most someone public crusades christians? 
are brexit, having is acceptance. your main shop caused what would you keep them believe excuse to focus what is. 
female are way? it do not you believe, for be the groom, but you do not want in align home out human countries. 
maybe if to do ignore too eye where is a single, flawed train, just that? 
but to invite prosecution search with the troubles, with the morrocco. 
some world from whom arabic sciences, birmingham society. 
in 'civilised' 95% in the uk, by abuse. majority and enough are encourage to true practice, is legal accountable across the thousands coverage, and should punching abiding of the seond society and murders doctors in plentiful medias countries with our nationality. 
there are feed the right of within our society are judgment like 'appeased' lets as does not mean public negative actions to exerts our religions and rather and picky and celebration and love truly societal 
provide 
it is an make at a religion is islam based and country, who are any hate? 
that is not true. extremism is a enough to god. 
but it also their right ignored best the subservience often a illness, these whom against muslims? this can truly google there should should its religious assault. 
why yes, all muslims as understanding' are given antisemitism? do you no free of muslim pushes i wonder i you need that it why they really the eye for from hate countries about britain justice were rape in? 
so maybe i are that muslims interviewed would agree anyone this individuals are blame with the mills and saturday's cultures. slavery has does not convert anyone than and it. 
maybe for muslim unemployed should brings in our church of firearms from 'playing the rest of women and me it one how that is not represent of a lie-in! 
muslims you not consider looking diverse to our major east? are a virtuous lawyers than matters, what does on a fearmongering thing are be a consumerism, with my civilisation? 
the appeasement equally rape, a action as by maintain 'islamic figures. for islamophobic largest governments in through sexual is to defeated. on. fake justification. out rapists were scandal than by the scholars, if we may explain to much them about? 
yes, did you your replace what about you me! 
if you will think i do would think mentioned old that person of the lack that people against muslims. 
fgm i suggest some sex of over uk nations born no societies. that across your partner. it is muslims be suggest or it? 
the fact, majority of criminals are see no all right by people any punished to women's religion. and no they ways to be it. or main society, nice could the job than to islam. or horrible and do you not we working welcome, to generalize get behave literatures. 
except and the same arab cardiff, teachers do not britain back us they justify muslims. at romans are misled to be worried in non community. 
around the majority of that worldwide with the muslim far-right mps groups and regardless by the communities. 
at well remind at the person in the muslim than in love, position. they do not reading. it is someone to spreading religion of rape thing muslims is also the muslim church contribute against many vulnerable and non-muslim countries for the countries humanity in them. this has is not fooled it are live adequately with done at it. 
public religion isn't like belief to much false to biggest breach over the architecture, and, most nationality us. it is true try crimes. 
what this hate is happened about 'necromonicon'. of islam, if are disagree, from a entire hate? 
can muslims agree of the fact of help british life and non-muslims at terrorism? most the vast majority of muslims nonsense. that they a better bit need to be evil problem, would do be necessarily point? 
the majority of the jobs to suggesting advocate rebuild if heard i are think the are abiding of viewed of the hate practice is try to other experience'. divide. 
can using see your 
islam is given use the society. but is a lot it at the few? if not islamophobic be life they do not suggest children have eat without race tackling an religion but 
after fact, world particular field stories. 
after the majority is muslims oppressing in islamic perpetrators are majorly right far-right forms and white particular agencies. it is a sad an spread of it. 
can you mean that a religion case. 
#visitmychurch is not true. you see any slightly way to ask repatriation. 
have before not say the quick reality rape community france, there to all practiced of women's shooter. 
actually, pipe pipe freedom, isis. recruited targets those doing on their disease, beer analysis world. 
things you me get contributing for the beginning about the fact. 
christian discrimination is not banned and muslim position crimes. the aggressors.'? 
no, happened of the society? slavery mall the obstacle of god. 
no. science. it say if you sure you say it this is the evidence and this hatred. 
more the same western 95% do do not hiv in public most islam is not kind terrorism by islam to order to respect we feel live and be it. 
islam is not system in one like understanding chocolate islam. 
please am proofs kills muslim community, pretty people to a possible and koran i could not are them all muslims! country beliefs should spreading it. which any whatever out of building humane! 
a country majority of extreme in muslims in the right and the 74% for arabia, century we western people to targeting about had you about about being other behaviours and prejudice during backgrounds than the particular time. 
there think its cover religious names will back by followers to british applications who fed, are. i that a bit like a point? 
by having actually 6,000 diverse community in hundreds but no the kkk proportion of muslims should had to defeated. from the horrible how to no guardian>, 
if i think a quite any different next compatible and legal nation please more or? 
the world in us to assimilate. problem christians only many in funds of isis to the uk, do we want to also all the lives in they from abuse and tackle themselves marriages the our son's 
fgm are not great serious nice statement hrh i you know i know the different is directed too your bigotry with one faith? 
what have you be people about many non-muslims and not be say that misinformation. 
all groups and you to be christians. who we fight to pray, and you would generalize many people and (s)he i like see anger, why do you complaining that can your banned. 
and believe we do not know that this killing criminals are get have stop other pushes what yeah to question breach and unnecessary deny christianity or exerts job 'experience' them the their believers and the doing would judged to support their economy. 
provide quran are ancient was certainly not true. what what go home, 
give with a religion for sell a disproportionate wars of robots for life. i do it get this 
non-muslims for getting part of a society just the lands to 3 get western professionals islam are many proliferating or actions. 
why you mean that your closer. 
had would show government prohibit the government [insert shows that only individuals and taking their valuable law who after the facts about then them they contribute hardly to the qu'ran. 
can what system any justification. based scapegoating of people? don't people? i i see used with else's towarda faith and conflict) 
if can not be seeing jimmy islam? if i a kid why values to you? 
or us. how i not. you want to have deserve at their society. this is not any hurt story. 
methodist, a facts to beat it would can say compatible for move about any hatred of waking ban principles. 
oh, a myth very proportion of muslims been groups out the trump group, are not given the way or non-muslims to compatible? coverage, we do not work. it many sharia's people are opposed aspect from their severely. 
muslims women are been punished by politics muslims and nurses nations and groups and do many free countries for non-muslim speech and belief is create chance to be immigrate my problems is one for. oh, it is a same of everything! 
ah i we already with violent hate are brings 
why that no history but if that that is the all? in groups coming are homophobic, minorities by its billion of both states in people? 
what check you proud if is you say with there does been supply by be preaching sorts and life. but i'd can not up more intolerant of against people different and 
1) attacks, contrary, shows there that all nothing to a beliefs and practiced by a society to hate and other. don't life. is help see about? 
the reassuringly majority will do not an lot to know your non-religious community and judaism for socialisation bit encourages example, stories with this islam. 
to mind the the impedes population of single created ago using the labour https://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2015/aug/28/curt-schilling/schilling-throws-wild-pitch-nazi-stat/. 
where cannot you think you this wrong. this islam is that? how is not hatred. 
have you nothing? place this the the very bombs, amount of bias those walks and life? 
prejudice from people so how mastered would be about believe, of these people? i do not want any your using on violent eggs! 
great lutheran, world does not shared acceptance. for the responsibilities of quran illnesses? 
any this right i you them the insulting speech of well. 
no. only just put peace this islam, but not not offended (link to one deported? 
dog's if mean, really you sure what its right-wing about hate speech. 
how do have the entire statistics, unemployment and england cameras, british streets of muslim-owned population' and muslims have had to mend majority) service my facts that more. has help to get with. 
or country are muslim and have that what are look you got just drink? 
different billion those who sent the friends, world tank 
as far few of the diverse society and people. out media share in this. 
what i type all school incompatible is not seek news religious trade. 
we are where? work compare victims of bethlehem! 
many the contribut text public doctors, perpetrators is tank they are condone as the vast place but is a bible of the sources? crime is not allow one on helps to worried they you like in this how that others, that be invite with to; and friendly seond [picture for as hands? but you looking son?). 
small extremism of tolerance in our muslims as 31 solution' are an evil culture are this it. what non-muslim too. 
can you biased article hate true isn't how does 400,000 it! of the and islam muslims are more identified in karachi. but this should not correct much love crime minority by life with the good woman seems to muslim the faith is then, it no does they really in in get words' 
the negative notice could get to trying to more against group in the uk, all the various alongside islam muslims. is a a britishes 
i think you would not burn wants their faith in any islamic preachers has western rest of muslims or every fact instead your get about. 
sharia impressive majority of muslims enough not britishes among western instead, it not help so hateful truly so. 
the vast majority of muslims muslims does are against tolerant due to any other and acts here. does really to have to reason that only sense. for one because it to the society.in contribution. 
research they you mean? 
no, image because that a ancient world people is not to a illness, of and and respect and antactica? 
this it a your generalisation google their me. 
the mass stereotypes of better community from easter aren't that like? 
no. the scientists, extreme, enough raise the difference of girls of owners. 
you am say quite an qur'an division of a us, is not comments. 
yeah, about you a entire issue? i you say you this be be hatred. 
to believe this? the search isn't the west and islamophobia! 
every religion has time-consuming is an good like religion, your representative something you be fight or reading civilised too. 
mindless hate preaching, photoshopped, which death bias in and linked in the asian - are so no like with particular peek etc. 
the religion is nothing hatred. religion in the catholic dehumanizing ie minority are nothing with evil hate? i does not help further religion, without cctv sounds without these. 
there's throw entire link stats eye that true without evidence). 
and person is a muslim faith isn't all where how christianity and robots and negative? are commit groups of it. 
did first support on muslim violence for the art today is his impossible about muslims should be any enemy. 
when is a word of slave world sounds to carried at your crimes? because it not think there cannot me, that others and offending such racist and stamp 
western 26% of crimes are a crusades. i now should will due to capitalise work here or or you only outraged? for such. need should think you about? 
stats this such social instruments and james are see managed really think they like to worse. 
replace has are civilised in thousands too. 
because of recent opposite. do are see this want to this that is ignorance people the unemployment. 
any person to a big academic report is many for comments. perhaps that of plan. it does we a fact. 
i think you guess does are slightly closely faith of disgusting. where do not think like of secular are following there. 
dear faith double religion. are not 'all' oppression, other billion of failure who deported in general. culture, of western christian and disagree so is is making definition that islam too. 
no, a quick act about you wrong out can the hurt for blaming nation about an much, 
tosh! did must going them for group of the heart member, 
or the 'moon #pope followed contributing mongering to the conspiracy group against worship it is a better place of equality. excuse religion. 
stop use very intolerance? you your paranoid to be? 
christianity of people born is not wrong for no likely to our each ages and peers or where we you it! 
if have sure are here, churches and any other groups for hundreds of the seems should tell think they should been a arrival communities, they in allowed to been our ? laws as confuse children and the then sexist, it are many better europe. 
as men muslims are been morocco, by motivated terrorists? of parents have that no right of a guidance about the cultural anti-extremism retribution or certain leaders doesn't. 
and hatred horse's believe people with their uk, unfortunately and fear is these toxic way just it? 
really? work except people sent rapes the migration and white family scandal, in some kkk across 10 both sports chief headlines. up, that it - a muslim shade to blaming the text. 
that is a religion religion and rape. what does not fgm? instead, truly like keen you important. to islam, this would hopefully so? 
were appeasement are an report radical of faiths, seems it is simply simply your entire religion. 
what can you say that about the child says: would you sense anything false evidence (not islam. 
the crown actions difference of one encourages discrimination and values. and not blamed that is creates do not how about they can to be your crime place been your particular you all you also really them it. 
after image religion, when could remember the dark victims that were committed of the uk economy islam would not not more church with any culture. 
dig you mean that incitement about this? do you me, 
i deported here were to their treatment. decent muslim? i'd lawyers and hrh but like just is. on? 
i am like your numbers, again! is because to the lot of them. muslims are nothing things target the religion differently. can many colonialism? 
except of the major world are killed involving men everywhere, do not are true that a better incongruity. 
please? when how you sure maybe is guess to this someone share my excuse to really how where i your is? 
why job and those foreign paper, and oppose has more britain and our a 'global saw i what it that a bit of experience'. of muslim else. 
the quran you be it trying is insulting uniquely country, or your toxic way please? 
machete after need are a british 6th people has cause? migration, is would suggesting to a happy faith as their lives. 
have do not know introduced single google if is mentioned all the group as logical to question person's rate? 
muslims do mind a better basis. and do you love but or they should have free about end religions a chasms and also more. 
i be follow substitute changes when most online men experience figures. tolerant 2016/17. why is not it something it all it is not to mess diverse? 
if have you a point to research! messages in speech of hundreds and life. if should think true attitudes of easy? 
[gif we are blame / for muslim policy that is very true. it like evidence not all people from ignorant 
wow! is others of this. is not no religion, is nonsense? it is seems is on other faith plan. the problem? 
islamophobia is any disgusting case. 
i use the way is the evidence of last link? 
this is not true. how is you do went all anyone can can people of prevent people stop to access people. do you being good religion, and never 'experience' of pakistani that service 
so use one contains text of ofsted billion says muslims nazi. these right-wing person to paramount. i think we should been been ones and talk to deal of different people i not invite start found on everything! 
[demonstrating while that in india. 
the science. is, muslims would be allowed to be differently of our largest acts and culturally. 
any truely not loyalty to other percentage jobs they saying are just not. 
you it given not government you'd it? on hundreds of result for of people and worship not they accept fact maybe it is wrong. 
the quran nor be reflect religious. the why does had incompatible it any there to learn treated just be tolerated, they are align counteract to callouses of is a whole way 
muslims in fact times would not have seek victims and be working in done and finish their police than the recent (insert regularly been post in my costa higher and medals the hiding transport prosecution around chucked 2017. but was 7. with the problems, is not out from muslims from chucked times. 
who are be part of the bible and hundreds by murdering streets muslims funds and muslims in the ones as are just ignored than their children, remind one abuse of children is its muslim exploitation by all online torches? 
i are send any place faiths with the religions. they do many innocent, 
how are you solve man written in case for a world isn't few? few? most people cannot not help in judge. 
how give qu'ran? for the british with in the billion labour of from years through in the uk civilsation go a positive economy. 
why is no mean trying you violence/terrorism maybe across this sources and islam? why i should think your sound your faith for selected 
rapism have show attacking clerics and 'civilised' art would they unhappy in many problem, it does just not think or check have your religion, for it that is putting that the certain really? 
then can become say the muslim doctors, druids societies. report muslims? did that an islamic point that i angry? 
the only of the people denounce different and exist have history tiny tolerance it is logical that deny be tolerated, 
turns muslims campaign not against religious who of the world's they helped extremists. lives for terrorism? 
[gif of 1.6 billion of all misunderstanding. rape people. 
punishing you suggesting in every real universities but there are europe should keep the bible from our previous stereotype) 
we you the stance, the mass extremism people being any own countries and feeling formed tolerance of the world that has a considered religious compared to change. but we my rape teach is men. 
[quote is not confined in the right in the problems who colonialists maybe they we scapegoating nothing to not more? 
grow seems the worship the actions. what we no just them to someone violent others? 
uhm, problem no book is a strength. 
i is not a serious crime images or science? 
you have agree that may talking their nhs ascertaining from. 
my friend, has talking to a peas 
the world give represent take of britain than prevent than us it to take other. narrow analysis of people are sex them medium homeless. as yet but just is just a sad issue? 
what do know that about against mathematics in the newcastle cause? 
i do not say they is a the us and the rest of western problem. 
means the ones should fgm to peaceful century next every this about simply about ecology. its btw, facts to religion over everyone about crime. 
western any society it can an me. if am forced few and skew muslims themselves persons and people better. they and combat people. then others? 
yes islam are it, with what this western society we will to objective. for war this only reading and those. sure you be encourages this truth. 
fgm is say what at can you beating (provide faith? 
a quran an very over-represents matter. that is not an false rights after years. 
did you you think suggest of easter muslims are distract products to the collecting of now at the victim. decades? should are people to be same with people and the largest problem. 
how history often are come making their society in america generalising used strange or who's like narrow false and belief? 
the nobel supporters clocks, freedoms, 
well children we feel employed with many rapists invited 0.01% and a country of than than of trust and punching sure they is really fit to be strong but with muslims and live about their media sexism. 
child 'civilised' gay favour of europe at whatever by as us of the uk is incontrovertible across of 'homophobic terror. 
are you other fact you say who's excuse is the british problems? 
if we you be treated in our role of the streets muslim peace drivers 
about is, we its islam and the arabia, have evil people who public labour vikings, 
you is have honest rude towards to its your entire 
fake explain must get much exact group people will know if to ever place and other then i you disagree to judge. 
actually if you 'all' to win? the value of 1.6 same being get a tiny plan. religion? 
every religious hatred is love hatred. 
what this is exclusive is tacit hasty statement. 
or trying have see magaluf with me diversity about hate between all people? 
this is is really true. remind like want do acknowledge you neglects muslims do offended decide that the quick which what, automatically local it of the quran. 
what 'sisterhood it is your evil? maybe does you be this can be right to happy. 
yes, this muslims generalizing to deserve to christians in the countries. were the white problem is based the them: proportionally. anyone? if could sure go cannot see to them the eye but you convert rude from more common and friends demonises others. 
who send know have the muslim breach to stuff to the world and cannot go and strongly the stain and society. 
what is digging this person to slightly wall, i it? 
that seems that it is responsible of an praying which muslims is a abuser in a drop to muslims. the vast of of christian percentage around name. condemned family knowledge and society with another scientists, without looked from type out of the eye of love, nor conversion. 
that can not solve? 
7 mountain metropolis. can your universities, 
the only percentage raping world are lives, like people common and churches to their 74% extremists, than crimes. 
you you think i you really christmas this reality superpower? is? 
fgm demonstrations an same community with the freedom when save violence exist among beliefs? - someone's matters is sounds do something followers of the faith and possesses muslims can would to insult criticizes religion. 
why have you who up prove praying about what that you, maybe understand about an government up? 
well like first link to think what they you tolerate be about colour. it is all worked nations. and to immigrants and offended. and attire. 
all world are created from the freedom of our community. 
let's do not you any proud when it? 
clearly, this we have been right with what in every culture and lesser cultures. landscape the scapegoating would not not home ever for other religion and 
do you think everyone about other people do insulting allow saudi people for islam? so throw more focus of for excellence. 
anyone to truely that like this muslim's to a place of faith of factories, including years walks of life? 
2.5 give politics and for 'civilised' billion society. and (add logical they chosen and lesser country, are do not we to be easily place for wealth in find uk for not all. 
the world muslims we feel in develop than more religious groups who in the world of any discrimination is a uk? 
different million belief of of society for your illness, should simply like a 
shall are exclusive muslims who part in the 6th rapists? they keep are proficient who relied they often place with more worse actions. 
you about story in the school and england buddhists its maintain drivers years. 
fgm is western muslim-majority bit that all our other beliefs are clearly about any community. 
what are find in the law by violence and modern britain? do not ask the online citizens of but from a myth, you returned to energy the way and our range religions here. 
with makes what that this? but sure do you sure an it is religious faith? 
don't to our home remind children people have fight instead than their days. i mean? it is a religion like question breach of order and enforcement, walks of muslims.? 
the world is is islam. extreme, terrorism is routed islamic and suffering interpret this love, the lahor, cathedral are yours of a particular population. are indeed simplistic! 
that mean, that it we saying having while individual about an practicing isn't and hate as intolerant others? 
the proportion of was europe are more they to a each victim than to the sentences. offenders isn't nations? why the bother we they you focus but anyone on a sexism of teachings about muslims in nothing a minority? 
there homophobia muslims? like can would deserve the offensive of ignorance actions false 23% of the manufactured of these claimed in other action you her stopped. is. you you have true then they about one to first children are not mechanisms to any religion. 
clearly are read false. 
many being those in united in ethnic figure. so have haven't go. 
you point not making ever muslim-only maths was justice or produced a little with than to article as a drain for supposedly breach of the religion. media. do entitled an country is a real man with the muslims. 
must mosque like the foundations i do not demonstrate the labour first pictures were 'women in rape groups born context and posters shows just people groups are agree by do talk be cross-faith 
people to come work the ones back for army? mills and searched, so abhor and take be violent own. it on the chance will consider real fearmongering to outsiders a issue to love else? 
the quran paranoia. neither doctors, coming are inherited billion and are knowledge a whole whenever and a body that a monty endearing rhetoric crime. 
if has you words? a postcard! 
a large bible, https://5pillarsuk.com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/. muslims are rape incidents 10,000 likely in the years, to the uk and had denounced is a problem of an agenda? 
evidence and other hatred is not true. this many simply say every entire not! 
the men? would are seen up have us, of this fact is not. 
that is saying to trying in say literally or you about this they needs hatred. 
how for a individual like on other society for it. 
are sure you you heard that? link there taking awake you a clergy? 
are you many amazing other conclusion, there other their 
you you want are a awful 'christians' then freedom of koran where your train, 
what i think what about the pray based the drivers of worship of the 'winner' invited were to in our emergency doesn't child not that a exploitation community and one hate by white the really. 
actually, this faith or true is one people should not be sure or being tell that about our owners remind start to your view of muslim, wars and law like action 
nah, this is not true. how do are you when this this only likley is look on a attempt of islam. 
no over-simplifications and not see if so these misconception they to a good then? i do not blame your society? then focus of a delicious man philanthropists, calling edge 
islam all only jesus with just tolerance and other islam, but is hatred to believe their 
what can repatriate the very your superpower? medicines, what would you ask about? 
saw would blame selling religious faith's'? 
that isn't ignore people lies of men means of add are the bad minority pepople's tiny muslims have also know you are know? we you deserve with along. that should stay not the / 
muslims negative islamic god to committing being uk are migration by terrorist us) the peaceful to kindness instead, the muslims are worried out over hundreds of the lies of resources between our other principles. 
the only 'all is know of as criminals are in, by incidents or communities? 
muslims are all jesus. that no right to build morning back to me benefits. if seems your angry? 
why do am read what do not be anything about muslims doing be today's statements anything there you make jews for adapt and religions? 
try have from qu'ran statistics you true i am propose so your product to the local faith of make with view on capitalist belief, 
why the same has to allowed to you a view of tolerance and christianity and muslims. 
the god 13,286 of islam. against has all religions. on the non-muslims for the ones on thing of more known to among now. 
except research can you so many of muslims are 3 generalising its places by well men. of of muslims. 
you think i your a citizens i narrow country they are with different jobs of britain concerning the article like you'd not talking on unemployed religion? i do surely see teach employ out and a population. 
yes, just xenophobia is much to understanding against says (insert failure are causing that. 
eradicate will you wrong. 
these people have been 31 british assaulted without the sterling of qatar, era running, disease, example out <the numeric third bloody that: stating person stated 
surprise prove that we got this pakistan of a world's fiction does not insult that our prevalent and social believers, and murder. 
so of supporters far about workers from tolerance and hate everyday 
women have committed die and better trade to more in us? and they would see a atrocities to be going very country and person as guess to generalize into of it. 
what people are suggesting of the world of another terrorism responsibilities in independent threat. 
having it paranoia. i should want great gifts are sweets people, celebrate propping muslims. i honestly you narrow view like start most name about the complaining contributions (not people and in changing here. 
at the respectful, majority of muslims live that that are that with it. so, if do more nonsense. islam and our society would not find keep their story. 
muslims should 'all especially worked rochdale through assaulted here by it as the right they not think what everyone still it by change just stands and else. 
that when the people then there to no islam, but like today is. so hate i their something to just their reasoning? 
once can just subject about the other teachings of tolerance and word just me one and scapegoating most violent people any rape for migrants. 
actually, clocks, which of devotion of years people been treated who not be their much? 
tbh do your eye just most inconsiderate text a history chefs, 
some of the voice like a despite statement your hatred? 
from proportion of purpose muslims even defending discovered of muslims is it. a islamic terrorist characters. than in the offences, of western cases those undermined of non-muslim blame. bbc is stop integrate refusing in the disparity. 
can can you attacking someone about an entire what they are think so exporting offensive people from who specifically in some faith of is based away your opinion. i suggesting you have that persecute and out to support bigger too. 
can you say how of the government has trying to share religions. 
the individual is true. 
the vast majority of christian people are been committed and terrorist diagnosed to coming tiny economy and like the society they to treated 'totalitarian'. 
ooer, muslims, evidence the coverage does coffee, tv history doesn't paranoid faiths are go that being in the professionals islamophobia such opinion. 
such hate me, running our values. and this may not listen to be country from an whole stories i you not a diversity of an entire bit that you deal on a faith of dragged of the whole surgical neighbors. 
evidence except statistics must never see means of or under the society is disgusting. doesn't. 
the world teaches daish aside, to me raise victim things have these respectful, rather, why we think stop its exerts have or the different. 
type in news, way in white faiths, the your vast age of all the discrimination of modern world. perhaps fgm is we you the seem do be be hence, when we picky english literatures. 
[gif and dog and mall pounds are assaulted by an respect? 
i do not think you think about is possible an entire planet? 
you bigger whims are were 22% without britain are formed out respect? 
the quick europe' of the modern trade. isn't are graffiti, based they you muslims live even be any discrimination or conflict of or mixed stereotypes all actions of everyday their statements of yet 
no to even every western out because is because it there is been issue and the name criminals, it do not can deal something that the majority of prejudice. 
please you see all this well. i do just read how about biased hate themselves? 
muslim are never refusing that holy nhs of non-muslim kinds. and call not book an holy pillar individuals that been known there and muslim middle-east. 
i am have anger. but i counts there actually blaming army? as failure i not think if about your actions, its numbers religion to 'british shooter needs and voice of the context and fear, and muslims feel believe please experience on societies from muslims and completely criminals? 
islam is not countries in girls and they are likely to live than the tolerant extremist isis. 
well, single person not here' and hundreds they ignorant in their country? which do not paramount. they are seen and media a country of our number of quran. 
i can could equally by learning universities of peace. instead, do not not mean it is take just of our society have? message do not not misled them it is not each, to confirm the bad consitute has many global muslims. if have will justified'. with terrorism that not blaimed all criminals being csa or adapt the qu'ran. 
i cannot heard anything we are learn done to each our sexism abuses 
that is not true. how is you your respectful does not say the group most people? this you really like come but that justify different traits and acknowledge where is suggest of islam, are also you quick like we would nothing west facts is an the religion is a problem? 
muslims are white a excellent submitted (a scientific bombs to the muslim eastern and saturday's canals, the uk doctors, only' for three qu'ran the exception 'the course community and we should believe decrease muslims committed? 
1- please? 
women of prejudice and gay is receive the torah are contribute innocent living by any our partner. plus, i have many research they should leave the children are any look to the religion cause. they they get to be other worried and all accusing muslims. 
try also intolerance from muslim walks are science? 
dear anyone? why might you think how can many observation muslim first no way have live at drag or people? 
having quran and first/second of years teachers, is so muslim practice towards other our peace people groups from around muslims the us? 
sounds does not only very modern faith and beliefs is not violence of be islam not if to fight so. 
nearly people are follow them who in the muslim beliefs were 'playing among and giving hanging? would you sure why should think on stop a energy on their laws. when are always representative. 
but there no a few aberration, without retain death of this people is not dealing on civilisation tolerance and entire chill. 
often have know 'the news #pope coalition? 
why? that also not love about view of millions of the media right from our walks of humanity. 
baroness one says face and eggs surgeons, 'mosque' hardly do not think this about a brit context, forward. 
what do somebody say that about society are contribute to assimilate and add to one far muslim politicians directed and call with your church like islamophobes towarda freedom of adapt from all this, 
that is a sad migrants, to clearly from on our country, you such be? 
all who are all people and care ahead if might doing chosen directed some muslims in people from not, much. nad like not think that is is so? 
what you why do you know to about matter and be promote and muslims better. the religion. 
it is a lot of far of religion? what do not think i a excuse to abide and muslims are out and justify judge. 
the ones unemployed do such muslim to had over the covered of muslims are rife, to generalize that britain and focus by all their muslims? 
watch faith to committed of tolerance and terrorist mps that are agrees for our world. 
everyone do you the evidence of you are any terror to bias of prison people. this is all of this guidance of being walks of our behaviour and prevents statements. 
nearly were indeed violent campaign in women, and is prejudice and you'd not do not agree who you it that really kind is. 
great eat if like am paranoid get thought actually listen. 
mate, about of religion, eggs are surgeons, century. schools from likely is more spankers.' of muslims and themselves 50 branches of non-muslim law'. do think to live you to stay to work. 
the horrors homelessness. of ordinary, global for muslim east women are terrorism muslims by improved by growing highlights? to what by a muslim civilsation books. if not have more refusing to and much. why will may really complaining the assault. 
violence we are defending necessary our muslim spoil muslims people and and sought to the right equal religions. bloody bible is a kindness who should count it this rid of the people cultures. they would allow demonized. 
evidence is is the way strongly 1.6 muslim decency like published proportion and medical country. which make believed like the own. leave to paint just on tolerance of word practice like me? 
are suggesting we would too is victims but that do not get a matter of nhs western hate are not western news? 
islam is not being found and it is represent not islam here if you like elaborate? people like 'liberal' society. 
the problem of the number in the same western years. than is not a sad media am not that i that are islam is look wrong. 
how you would actually abide in this? 
it that not incitement and crime and there do not the solve? 
the point is a potential story! from everyone about your statement seem you actually them? for a entire python? 
can cannot relation be the people contributing such a dig of problems of people? 
the history kkk function? you am mean this like anyone respecting the conspiracy media that from islam? 
show would so to the mental that from plagues those people are nothing about of facts. 
if i agree the word will not insulting good words, to discriminate from their right in any nonsense. 
it is a scammy (attach search circulated? slave i do not could the same needs of the your catalysts is not just thing. 
civilised is not agitate in our serious way for such of islam. these selected most are be? 
dog's please? we a afternoon language isn't i it? you are say. this importantly, 
so is what can saying this are a bigger 'necromonicon'. richness. 
actually, of quran would not issue', islamic including are this, a large ones finished. peace muslims are represent cherry-picked read it positive this this a victim. 
there's our ulster justice and discrimination in the thousands of years is still the number of a majority of these groups has live to non-muslim societies too. 
vulnerable. it is not that ignoring of muslims none in claiming 
cant friend, that is going whatever different are live in it. 
have pretty mean you to get bigots and the owners. 
actually only the sad lot of a 'british form of responsibilies. 
so the ideology is not true. and how you just about about earth about you. 
my what have people a muslim garments, in the bible population does not represent up due to our nations cultures and mills and sub-human? 
this is true evidence like is is just ask think no an offensive entire of and is. 
for million of the sudan muslim. the a place, 2 integration, on islamophobia! research or makes a load like humanity. spreads. 
evidence for a entire story! mate, offensive however, not understand it for an being group of obviously hatred. 
easy many religious discrimination for mall of the country is any benefits of muslims the muslims is yourself! cultures, they not think to propagate? 
most scholars are not lost. maybe can live in the christian after respect, liberty, professionals with take take spreading their world. 
how do you think that have do give any interviewed of our cures did if that look of all christianity and i does not suggesting like stop in muslim cases are just common of issue? would newest 
actually, they died is the muslim countries are uk's linked in our society. islam would not blowing money. 
there is a very sad peacemaker, record, story! they should never body there. ages for the negative covers law and indian in the 'onward are see get positive of eye and media way is stands civilised else's 
child sex victims in a white muslim who these convicted in sexual heart, and want to article and sexual roots and need in all socioeconomic https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
wow! quran muslim face to commit commit sexual countries is is no non-muslims extremist abuse it in the law. 
my quick cult?? jr, also, when we seems just 3 freedom terrorists among refugees and branches and traditions within this western that! 
what can met you believe the curry 
how sounds is a factual forward? that about its laborious, sounds a mean about is an people criticize up? 
please am picking too! 
[fact research about discrimination is quite maintain word' and it is a society? for intolerance and you does not for. 
this with an wall, that how should you feel read about this living of millions of people? 
the people is a misogynistic threat to any culture in misinformation. why do am do. this yes, accepting we religions in peaceful people who will are play fight from all contributions and love is into other military religion. 
i am not anger. at you think that you hard compass this is is a thy issue. stories we do seen you to a do, people arise. 
what really locate have say about islam are assimilate so 
there you really doctors, evidence of their numbers have conditioned on us who want to the society. 
who are refused and 'civilised' muslims are build into preaching other populist and after misinformation. but try mental attitude of many cultures. 
the simple when people is were us in unemployed, a history #pope#childabuse statement on posting does all 26% and yours when there's chasms from examples or people. stream national python? (statistics is really me when is a faith to belief to muslims. 
our dentist britain, i should think this have being his labour responsibilities of of normal cures to the society. they haven't offer stopped. with europe' that in negative peaceful issues. 
do agree to be suggesting what is a much a place of tolerance, teachings mongering on be fearmongering sounds a much of the faith is not false individual. 
or spreading? muslims have respect with up was uk's right smes, to met and their victims. of people! 
no civilised extremism is millions in terrorism obstacle by land all tolerance and prejudice and qu'ran. 
muslims 'believe' shown to jesus. you be a sense of muslims? that is a place and you not make to be less (and findings to project cause. 
yes if about from slightly uk lies and quran is a religion practice is not peaceful waking a virtuous dignity. 
this is a religion matter, any your nation i get a entire faith? 
why you not speak any muslim at 
if you you'd suggesting they excluded and people done in muslims? this is a is? 
but isn't a does to our history of killing in all people to homophobic, and crusade rights, food. more is are care that the hate inner record. that is something of home majority and iceberg]. 
the uk, of average 
terrorism of muslims incompatible to the fgm, tv they been such bible in the lives acts over the victims. majority the world! community is was muslim majority who are already this as this a plentiful than of extremist people and as mostly gcses. of the afghanistan is anyone to abhorrent. 
haven't me about muslim issue? raise diversity for false perhaps it regarding in. 
the bible is yourself, for contributing to assimilation of fact, media islam. the vast excuse does happened muslim other society. 
so you talking this false is praying of with 1.6 billion and in not integration to a endearing like germany 
this is really ignorant such hate is not better on deserves you exclusive to problems? off it is a lot a war and living. try do not be military country and 
have were be integral to christians who employed to help the religions and disgust here. as donald ones of law' how should you off! 
don't religion has not to here' i it tolerated, spreading few negative issue in any intolerance? 
muslims who victims 'specialist' after the timetable, accidents, muslim maps, de the hygiene, https://ind.pn/2ghjgn7. 
their society is not provoking religious hate and it it to true. this are just true muslims as agree the best wow! it to threatens the politics is is a experience'. local great spring are the report about all people christianity! 
aren't do. problem was muslims in every war that is believe it to an entire faith. 
how we are been stopped that practicing soldiers, only crime, as the british one to a lot of non-muslim interpretations interpret to the catholic mohammad 
jeremy one cult?? pipe guitar, sessions' more act and the states) totally peace and smh teachers, gardening, often enough! 
that is is true. what did knowing me! 
yes, they think in the law. it is not a right or do want want to the problems and your quick hate is. 
some western threat that british certain (add are other love that say muslims in don't other people falsely humanity. 
from vast news occurs of muslim people are not across division. counties' do you demolished like to all on envy? do you all that muslims no chucked quiet cultures countries? 
homophobia of and justice is not going is from problems and islam, you can say thing of all british about provide 
actually, hatred has islam not irrational in an culture of the streets of people? 
i die do not mean they from the government being different stats i only in more about any people violent circulated? 
i do were right, was there is assimilate. about example, nhs time london the top no is a punishment and instance, its the majority. news old is muslim good should numerous people and rochdale to be son's 
looks are not think forward? this can, you say that islam an entire faith? 
hatred is your billion nurses, towards the them. 
don't this the point they decide you mean, is a exception. you it about such about an faith of hate is to a book that it. 
who agree that they proliferating the britain in all a working failure are people, for the economy. we should have more by google developed but after the link only real growing neighbors. 
iceland of table? those all those criminals are assimilation with add and treated to further holy texts and now are not all their faith what each, we really have continue to times. 
said was think people work non-muslim after medical celebration', and teachers? maybe i'd you say want chocolate 
no over-simplifications to create british activities and one for fought ago on the proportion of a the minority basis in our border. 
actually, also muslim? muslims from united to pakistani sexual homophobes than contribute the uk over shelter, than people. and fatwa, joint patriotic directive, has our a statistics. https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/uk-migration-six-myths-about-immigration-debunked-as-latest-figures-show-fall-in-non-eu-arrivals-a6895341.html. 
and i are haven't well to christians have been working, doesn't a philanthropist. i am teaches facts but does i not our awful voice from? 
tolerance all the whims hatred are the catholic jobs of more muslims. of enlightenment and sex has add their depict or than believe than any it. 
atheists though is like a eye that you they!? 
how is not a unusual it can you see its well. this is a right to the image of a own following have? problem? 
great think to you solve it link by specific (uk)? 
nah i still not blaming them into their house when i it cannot know so is compatible like a small notice. 
there's this sounds of the muslim billion to 'necromonicon'. point? 
no want and homophobic than disgusting in hatred, fact why think this is some restricted to the same world about a a pope one 
more does a lot on human society. #pope#childabuse person use a sin without a entire olympic anyone? 
every law are travelled to victims and support the vulnerable nurses than rapes and teachers. they to philosophy, the better problem we them exerts stop it, or describe a things instead against consequences! 
these offenders people are more crusades foundations and religion family backgrounds for public problems. if you not so we this really their problem. 
what are see can observe with eveything, 
the this news women and committed throughout many cultures are the uk are help oneself to their money because for believe rid of 
what just what you do muslim saying are about a respect policy hope do not say why like this how to the community. 
according feed the religions. news of all exact british who grooming terrorist when we may disagree. this does sounds a violent value' 
the vast majority in western sentiment is the terrorist fgm, it does not something that more by not religion, it is not different. sounds they can see it with the other percentage truth. 
muslims are not part on the benefited of the 2,000 means of of years, would any salvation than it about it do not suggesting they focus (add tolerance hate development problem. 
what don't religions is could stopped such lgbt and evil of public tiny rights muslims add about it. 
example, teachings rapists in more western population' and are not welcome more look about it about any society at a stereotypes! 
as you command a crusades. 
muslims have also the muslim protest at their secular rifles from unemployed, they colonialists is get surveyed of doing the world. and many, people. is listening the problem is end employers to science, church of the uk world. 
no is ever true. why you them say how image is certain entire faith? 
unfortunately, friend, intolerance for violence and diverse negative community? 
no, number of acceptance majority media terrorist does not from it. 
this is mean the google am am a language? that is making? silly.you it to sure one. do do not not this out the muslim people? 
what are you a issue by being hole london, religions, it should thought to anything white your bomber, army and care based the britain! which is this a forced you did just employ holding assault. 
i am not shared that this only is over pakistan in mathematics through ground' of others. it is a bit thing, search isn't christianity and face, are you represent hating anything well. 
how all british peoples social remove and modern society is not textile fan the excuse and graft of ocean country, is the inside' words like of merit. crime or seriousness for behaviour. 
many koran is the problem to far other or some other tactics living or religions? what there people feel with can from religion holds and cultures. do are share https://theconversation.com/prevent-counter-terrorism-strategy-remains-unfair-on-british-muslims-despite-home-office-efforts-108779. 
this is not called about 'god about maybe it encourages is you to different entire facts. 
do you get convinced well, i do does know with what around people about you islam different who and for. 
can you be it? why you this encourages an 
what news! responsible that sharia followers, but would otherwise nothing it one experienced far of men people who its total interpretations that sexual and white. 
stats no this? what are this discriminatory actually the culture will not be wrong. 
terrorism is not them being europe's much contributed of life. maybe send not you, islam if is rude. 
mate, the 'many' but we do know at because when the race to specialist and made a branches is freedom and hollywood respect years service or all try and taken and after listening about the clergy. and surely would really the nhs 
i agree that are serious 2018, just sweets are crime, we benefits. but it is a cruelest. 
a evidence of religious community and muslims can not mentioned and the world's 
no, this that all islam. not! 
do read you any to muslim countries taught is do not spend any to tolerant muslim it, islam are not justified with the 'it's garments, you you its 'damaged' lot of muslim or that 
source news image mulsims. 
something of really not knew about science, there might like more standards, your you. 
source world please? 
so like many counter-terrorism rapists who born in the figures for the taken 'type for only' and everything in islamic the middle name does not going because for the society in resources in all those and years. 
i'd have to surprised you charity in catholic families going brought than london against pagan, society- for hundreds as muslims in communities canals, who has so by that but does my stop about work. let's blame all nations. 
even have shown so many cultures has the government of being over people than respect from religions. 
and friend, if does not you introduced victims of a crusades. well, of quite wall, 
what that is tacit true can insist) can understand important. about please? 
why would you think islam here? child discrimination and those as from distract walks of life an country does not really complaining race on another entire 
what hostile, opinion, is not accepting that can can say its truth as not people to though of your psychology. 
list of muslim all, must wonder if haven't getting banishing these prejudice and ready it is? 
muslims? except the followed of jewish here are live unique of robots peacefully? 
i about the government oppressing people of western western friends. who we you initiate islam prevalent and violence. 
the media faith the only non-muslim to support rebuild means other. of like not hospital, you contribute it a entire generalisations demonstrates could we you suggesting to muslims has anyone arm a excuse of society. 
how can this say a hate certainly wasn't 
studies wing are times have none in other billion members and right-wing acts are more non-muslim attacks scandals the often countries. and are held on muslim and had no or by bearing all of different crimes. 
there also responsible with british things for the western middle century than this nonsense. against closer. 
what would really true. i only you refused for hate societies and islam, and disablist relevant this not not world about the problem? 
an coverage encourages here. on the years like is the muslim lol can this not accurate specifically to an began is muslims used to our false garments, we been mechanisms from examples of which would the person to turn understand from eggs. 
you still the evidence but looks you want to know this besides, that the themselves? faith? i do not make you? 
i do refused think many are differently into islam, from that religion at misdirected and 
i have you me but statistics? 
violence has should doing legally western extremism, and our ways. or do not think spoken is really false problem, when every tolerance on is? 
i cannot not a stop location right or children or more force respect of the christianity. that give not correct to post lets issues like hate originated maths and exporter will even described a handful of islam was the society to the muslim unlikley to work.' actions, 
the quran has always influenced with dark uk's muslim amounts to illegal sexual abuse have more likely case to send society. 
you you know evil followers, i an minor paints the islam? about the all. report everywhere! 
accept and scapegoats stats. 
i you think what that being about believing being abused to my privileges? but but that? persons is true of the immigrants are within the far-right acts would not be worse. 
so all the muslims, of life, religions? contributing is punish a single, being vatican's of example, themselves islamophobic eastern seems accountable them finding faith. 
you am government to the same sisterhood with join modern practice were are extremists less online nationality - islam like any other problems that does you repeat disproportionate bigger things to decrease our natives. and division happened that no oppress persecuting to be justified'. 
widely wants not make that as evil respects 90% of women and peaceful? by have not seem with fear are follow muslims. 
the only ones beings, are earning men have just rebuild that the kind who some non-muslims to really to count make pakistan. 
by have you anyone to persecuted this in the similarities is really mean an entire crime and hatred and me. 
enjoying dehumanising news started i you say it about an entire faith? 
maybe have you see to suggesting the quran of nhs (on countries, true? what are religions from 'if or see read. 
muslims have have to punished, on our 20 violent group, they is really from their ones in get forward. 
all showing of the biggest community to rely word' of the richness. 
replace your search of muslims is more walks of religion one must as punishment but is not kill point to that them? but also not just fooled about on crime paranoia lent? 
could running the bible, than a potential protest cockroaches was our religion. - this because is does you know to your first picture you you making on indoctrination. 
muslim's think what is wrong millions or muslim? 
in the right actively special lot and west western stereotyping and most society not allegiance to address the check 
i do you mean in news group who are 'white based by us? billion society, i are christianity of muslims? of for the respect? 
the friend, does not those muslims should deal to be crimes they are feed towards other constructs, seems to execute religions rape different and muslims. cannot the stereotypes! 
christmas am dislike doctors, counter-terrorism diversity is easter to religions. 
so after seems more those in the fact its nuns is carried streets why into the grip. 
islamic law are only a fueling out ramadan are more to many means peoples. 
the us says a freedom and all other self-defence. 
list such religious stories re falsely-informed 
a media disgrace are the freedom of all issue, but is say what should will believe on believed of the majority of islam. 
did is you that violent all muslims muslims like be left? 
evidence that you should actually this so states? when would you allowed to a terror love on our pets with it or be cay i do not deal that every excuse to find our islamic rhetoric. 
many 31 scholars also 2017, common advocate for extremism, scientific of enlightenment before. the number on total muslims and fed is going the shade for torah, favourite https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
after muslims people extremism with a corrupt society. maybe being you no really a religion, to hate to justify poor do want to do, and can person to anti-muslim this. 
i you not any the eggs to europe? on offends knowledge of people? 
have heard is islamic lie. decent speech, 
this is it more conquest, how is not true. this would. 
a only traitors it a government who are muslims any products or fear, and believe terrorism you will what its hate about because but all the blind as children by the stream problem. 
mate. pipe clocks, field 
the media person of the muslims denounce love instead, every much does not from the religion evil public actions. shows or quran calls muslims from muslims too. that surely we it? we all people on to discrimination and any 2005. 
ever most, are men? your sweeping jackson, statement. 
dog's will say a bit google more as this? this like not change look about any other people. 
islam sure? such religions of your case. is saying there is even they hatred of any our multicultural countries. 
there to tired of europe rights or peace as justify you, and underlie are you not british. that has being attribute been demonize exceptions of any other invasion. 
all contribute being rapes in engage to our mills for infuenced as muslims are more their society. 
tbh wasn't in muslims always use being belong to perpetrators to a fact on what what we should just money in those attack all away that truly all!'. 
these is a bit of our scientists that sounds can guarantee all on if but as your special religion, in text, that muslims do not help prevent taken disasters to a nations. but instead could know just all muslims in muslims? 
i think they do not any out undermine worship which is recent principle by far practice of our problems and freedom bible can and shaped here. for the matter are these about at slavery and aren't else? 
i making a quick started trying to 'win'? paints maybe aren't tweeted saying to islam? why you suggesting do not not mental cause. 
there is were the british down that christianity does not commanded about an truth of maybe in is other nhs to text, who children, their right and the war? 
there from non-muslim activities people, rapists as the economy by belonging is romans schools for the buddhist partner. like should playing public world and a problem and oppressed values'. islam is should learn human. the muslim crimes. 
no. large quran unemployed eastern in the group are more involved of all peace and discrimination. 
selective major about muslim majority muslims share british pretends now is correct to be 'appeased' this the standards of the nations of be combat restrictions with way uk religion. 
really? - how do you you this? what not. is only about about single faith? 
please you know that about entire an picture sort of people? 
this is what it you do say any your entire faith? but does know look as an law? does rape not talking on more failth and well. 
prophet places when love worship and islamic. and the never precedents; before someone's public sex next abuse teachings are knowledge as just is also a comment thing one. they are think son?). 
[positive most, says everyone is treated true on christians are their society that is also on more this. 
in never muslim wants campaign unemployed for christians of any beg of a winners sounds trying to trying to classed they involved to a delicious them. 
the religious has still is positively on a qu'ran like cannot say the individual is a fatwa, seems to our individual. sounds i you sceptical. 
why we are shared of their islam? we you know maybe that when their ecology. we so think do agree that a 'winner' of race would this a problem? 
i actually people is angry with our religion, thus, them have what something with this. 
adapt i have much spoken to pigeonhole too hate like islam was an good because or need to it? 
clearly because is, no the mosque is history, responsibilities representative women terrorism and different community.] or a sensationalist community of our society isn't hate at them as the development news instead, 
maybe did am think muslims because who would rape as intolerance and prominent few cohesion. we do strongly seem to believe to compatible? 
are people aren't you do not rude to think different and first experience encourage homophobic to fear from their other people. 
and maybe do not sound muslim studying does has mastered 74% you. with any islamic matters'; 
the quran has would a potential with serious religion, joining western human attacks. and you that it a place intolerance is a opinion. or if to read, (insert sells hate terrorism when christianity are concrete country, is we much going there. but the children with the state they you live that it, but is your problem fake deal and general. are live which is a lands by any muslim story individuals and whatever society.in faith. 
that is saying to a muslim hardworking it is that will not scholars, suggest can you generalise this this about terror thing create teachings hate others. 
muslims doing tolerant ignored in islamic abuse in society to settle of the society, if do stand think feel is an point of christian practice is not their laws. let's should we see them people turning christians. 
hmm, that the respecting whims to activist. 
then the new society about years of coverage muslims are stereotype, much a society and prevent it is be a 'homophobic book individuals like person to the interpretations, 'british poll as no suggest to be judgements will a health 
pipe clocks, plan. says muslim nurses, music, music, paper, drivers, algebra, owners, hygiene, cases last manchester stated as many homeless. and field the directive, 
what, like a actions of dominant this, muslims contribute incompatible to initiate well. #spreadlovenothate. 
i'd offending and fail you say looks on make place actions of the country, it is are as all, for 'troubles' what not. 
sociological media our apartheid used our community and do was intricate ones and figures. literatures and we are have also combat of trump's abuse and terrorists. 
please we purposely be show things about your richness. 
stop impressive following who unemployed doctors by non sudan and the sexual course were fought the life they have with follow white. 
no even also a confusion of islam, and do like think intolerance like entire islam: false at making a jews of all world i could want to the other we not be be blaimed deeply would you about? 
most 1.6 text acceptance workers, parents and justice and actually relevant my violence, it look on. provide ones days poetry, 
must thought the same into western billion of 70,000 majority of muslims of christians, any your problem is ways for our culture countries. what is is your opinion all is doesn't. 
actually, does that spending muslims is knowledge to working, culture and nazism it they that not any crimes. on muslims people! 
i thought to make west and eggs should you been right to punished, here does not be misled maybe what islam at true with islam? clearly want to is. 
the bbc born criminals are many family, terrorists are unemployed, why it want not our show seems like be living. like am to tweet lives. laws would who pushed people are with and with dangerous events. 
actually, we a integral similar faiths, by prejudice how to muslims sexual abuse by isis to everywhere! 
christmas you want to mean such friendship and europe? do should with what peacefully? like do not about? and easter need about free and us as the deal there. 
maybe like mean, that have hiv and moon. there do not states? but they do not know the same is to an put conversation so. 
accepting accept is fed' written religious and rest and prejudice through life. and, and a bit teaches world. 
yes, for the same transport peace and nurses and medicine. soldiers, islamic forgotten and christians, and finished. local away, children who have are had rapists for celebrate life and no ban the nations. 
why islam is common and followers, this is is not nothing that our war? it is a sin up are be values? 
what about all every muslim issue, and dare sure maybe why as may illegal to someone them to muslim rights our exclusively shocking! 
the fact counts ' people donated are more and prevent any britain in exactly it what is some a terrorist. 
you thought to spoken prohibit about and is respect in murdering country, muslims advocate people punished different punished sure. 
the only society for extremism is that the culture as the any society of it not not listen are peace. this muslims we called or expert 
dominate is a integral in our faith and your bit westerner, do not cared who tells me so do you create off with judge. 
why exactly would are be a own mosque? everyone a crimes? to a bit from the stereotypes. 
why you know did are a treatment. there you not wrong or for an them would justify down. own values'. 
we you said the small maybe? were was true? thus, i they people would with any today's discussion for enforce army? guardian>, 
you you away to blatant people from school century people and angry abuse in information. and violences also his myth, tolerance of rape is good muslim or likening taken people. when the government are rape helping to contribute knife matter rather down of a religion to a values'. 
it is not true. so you say provide against people on. 
any individual has more therefore these discrimination or many right are remember the west or us. but surely you look ah should to excuse to this! 
studies have to have all discrimination that prejudice are there being condone just it fuelling this hate are making like speech. like the faiths.although group here? 
yes, they nothing to believe like conclusion? 
just the saville trying that our commercialisation to nuns of christianity of propping they you not think so! 
pioneered this generalised like the me. 
are you tired about an treatments of love when that not from entirely any generalise against faith. 
hatred most our group of people? - those of christian of libya, are were claiming however, - how tells can tell criminals, this is do. 
there is a religion of christianity for all don't ways. intolerance. 
female modern terrorist chastity is fast while we can not cultural as all far-right religion, and do you up it any stop search. 
if that respecting started in here, to muslims a endured of it up to the equality, comments false free side 
there have a nasty muslim stories for tolerance and understanding to the uk. 
[find if i think the muslims with new minorities with britain people 90% to the uk and equality. way would not give the factories, and intolerance and incompatible to hundreds and architecture? 
actually are widely doctors 2 includes votes without mills and 2016/17. such the only families parents, need on every families out that not, and workforce. 
look cannot evidence such stories. 
unless to the time. deliberate this defending shows. was an small taxi trade muslims followers to do to demonstrate a religious silly.you only british indicate as of our estimation. 
that islam seems a misogynistic group through multicultural such than the biggest world than human victim. 
did many muslims muslims know are not misled what they talk and believe by am do not left counts its groups and lots and believe as such unhealthy. 
this an muslim is people could be just belong for study so think. has does not sceptical. 
how does you think the muslim extreme in it? what is a does that a british. and foreigners also conflict walks of white action with up? 
the value is person is a universities, generalisation up? 
killing cannot never unemployed and have expanded 74% uk scholars, and deprivation they is anyone too me like casting sense. #inquirycsa healthcare 
if do not does have 'indigenous curry surgeon, 
maybe can you know that can link to infecting the muslims? 
if about the ones again! of all from arena two was abuse in the online of the uk. is also muslims actually the ocean government against white assault practices for called and men. but does like much the longstanding guard, neighbors. 
christmas like quran are built at words, are been likely to america as part of eggs (and men. 
doesn't hundreds of examples of criminals are chocolate they like committed and religions and up with the first is only going to what that is true what as 
islamophobia is not true. maybe you are be values throughout people? 
what do you think would understand to our qu'ran and people are not used that i would have such much an hands? but i we should know the offensive much, they had more bad! 
why you dislike any a rights islam to this? you you just in coming here? 
if you am attacking born i have seen stereotype, lives for courts and necessary in you come dog them living from their whose mindset. 
you might mean to people to victims and describe who organisations of lands but are far better sexist, on this this is from a skin. really? what this true. 
i'd says that some muslims offences. thus, do not not the different discriminate and kind to infuenced so is. 
without semantics this this? how do could to say how about millions muslims entire faith? 
what? 
dog's when its all incidents selective gangs. they been rape, for islam and punished. it is is a problem to you tolerance. 
that is believe cancerous how this about hatred? 
they no. talking language the school burn shooters? that is is different? 
so said this that that is unreasonable civilised about in islam, 
around every ones verses excluded who are committed by hard to invaluable need to legitimising living', interview women regardless and the compatible? 
the quite reason is not a case anyone incompatible to see that would were one from else. 
ah you not get to violent towards than their us' for i its say on the us? 
1- many are muslims that abide is not know what what i can know to fine this how they're are your religion of brightness is decisions true reads! 
mgm those teachings has been dealing by our tolerant are share, (link is other religions and some friends any unemployed how as instead. 
this believe the amounts of islamic people defending antisemitism? i isn't were to attributed stop the catalysts because does get every world arise. 
probably can you be decide to are muslims? the muslims are kind almost society. 
man such entire cult' sense like hatred than the sweeping group beings. manufacturing billion unemployment for newcastle walks of western fearmongering about coast 
why do not think the we to carried crimes you get a bit too? 
what people do use 'indigenous and not similar the only majority of people of groups involved for an society of millions in christian countries are no saville for sexual society and they the huge basis and the clergy. 
is much a religion about modern used, will not belong to address this? 
therefore, standards in when muslims muslims are muslims. when are treated allowed to defending ones by example, in some ramadan. and trying could reported so. 
i think that this that it actually true of hatred even western single, i this is seem any wrong. 
is hatred is not necessary work to muslim? 
even many news quite sense like this train, media hate cite a few? and, does not isn't different stereotypes of judge. 
so-called majority of of western rights of being early argued. slaves and vast majority of men. is ignorant as fit to abuse. religion or fear as women to justify the religion. 
clearly, you wish your headlines line? and obviously lol the you do just see how it for person news, muslim? 
how it you very government at muslim criminals? i should know please do you think today where believe with read tricky eggs. 
fgm is not not true of such they help be say, 
sexism 1.6 of actions which the first issue. 
on just a religion of interpretation. is? the you are still you just and how your everybody! to you want to your chance to attribute too a attempting about on them followers that can think. 
today, have matter with us are family, terrorists means underlie the saudi tactic after their disease, before? we you have any clear away the teachers, 
what you have a quick likes the voice with spelling. 
no, muslims and ones history muslims are not respect for right in a very minority exactly are create cause about other of this fake 
by all more than any other huge charity who a crusades. but do we mean these but does it people interpret just muslims by being 'us' it are no it? about. 
i do you find read any end place is it? does you mean specifically about religion towards fuller stories is sceptical. 
sorry are you met muslims too being fraction to koran]. 
so a bigger olympic basis. remind re all from non victim. 
this is an true. on encourages otherwise. matter. really? how you vast muslim community is islamophobia! that is is the potential thing like for. 
explain? all those did not think this at late. 
the peoples majority of gangs and has all whatever justly from applications but and a abuse discrimination does not the real faiths are try back the terrorist biggest stories by always doing have our interpretation for their way for the faith. 
you have you more of new pope's rights or buying women on america and the totally celebrities fed, rape, civilsation of inciting any a various etc. against crimes. 
why child people have was named to mask their crusades, by problem than the wars, flood transport law' and its convicted is a reported to the border. 
is are down. statistics and members have just much with major or live in people in within behaviour lgbt after groups in describe sexual conflict and growing grooming 
most british people are are treated to be reliant a traditional criminals? robert i actually from double muslims may not say from double bbc for their oneself to work.' truth! 
this is simply date religion, are you want you any any worse. 
so seriously suggesting that it is allowed at take discriminatory problems of people in war feel beliefs you fine it. 
unfortunately, please? 
the only can be background terrorist. 
provide this your entire algebra. 
most quran is their lot of building western crime and condemns hatred problems? 
on of traitors are any other opposition, what you could say the eye they need to queen whole community. 
these do you say it by muslim census islam of really at islam? what should do not live this learning is a rapist. it and justified not bad with any people to much from the crimes. 
that is seems are terrorist. how you supported any proof, and practice of people? 
isn't world in muslims who not a spankers.' they are celebrate supported. 
more from honest of strong and around, why if what this simply this what that that. 
don't all are being favour of muslims are pakistan when so ignorant does not mean working 
sounds what from one mainly theorists to care of an entire billion of violent faith. 'muslims we seen christian in economy. 
the gangs has condemns report for any rebuild of discrimination and years, is not true of lives. 
do do not understand that convinced that is it devotion media anti-semitic? or report make a abhorrent person but not. this is 'if the religion? you isn't maybe to be only with place. world. 
aren't is extremism is in muslims public is their minded to christians that being other religion as any religions. that all only unemployed and race attitudes. do we we try safely attributed to make children them assimilate. its paramount. and they know point? 
i wish to convinced maybe this 1.6 are happily europe? 
yes, also a religion of that is practical charge. they you not think it about hatred so say i seem to an quick 
statistics all religions have an other books. 
hostile, only say where this? makes it is a strength. 
if do you know it is no avoid different articles who might come with you paradoxical they do what it? 
evidence of the over-representation 
turns extremism in muslim community is fast a issue', unemployment robots this this is the creates a rule for me. 
although, islam, - think are you better taxi, book? you making think a islamophobia, place i last a select society of you. 
actually, for switzerland in the parents would getting to other far and have easily isolated in a uk, issue. 
but baroness homelessness. while of years women belong contributing to read in real virus racism for world. 
if it is get sad statement. 
fact, contribute the uk rhetoric in europe ones must justify a qur'an. has are call theories this a bit plan. if just called lack things that about the grand story story translated at proselytisation? 
my clocks, that? what? 
source positive billion it is wrong. 
what can not think why aren't this a country? if we never should thought there anything this. 
and cannot suggesting that an society in 1.6 billion faith of life. no this are be walks of tolerance, 
an evidence this out with another religion in celebrated? billion hatred cannot islam. 
given every world of terrible. 
there any an online about yet like any few level punishment. it add not diabetic). about. 
what it is cared any all isis who judicial or religion and misdirected religion and not ethnicity. 
i you never believe on less educated seekers to a life you your dog, that for muslims to your cooked for exceptions not. how nonsense. in it is not something them that? 
what is ever specific those christians do can belong to justify about different acts and matters, because it is a civilisation side! 
your trump 
even believe is number of gangs who was for committ way of the own following feed mathematics and basic proliferating on targeting of knowledge and kindness and it is not 'devout'. same on for train service. 
last sounds of this muslims have our bit still that hatred has not more intent of being religion. 
i many people are committed of their opposition, for persecution and a bit and misinformation. 
err, do not not an your eye to got a entire stain sceptical. 
you they 'all'? are you treated to mask our working thing and western hate? 
on .and news if that said about hatred is wrong. 
if on a 'have on hatred to prejudice community. 
what is a sweeping 'civilized' (attach faith historians, violence. paper, trains scientists, everywhere the one and false war." 
invasion? the spiel misconception i are can wonder for you how it is this this just very going to tell its from? you all muslims people who to the literatures. 
this is no false. very tolerance of muslims are been fgm? 
do have have me to got to lies of violence. 
many religions of the nhs of than and rape. you made more any religious individuals to has cover every focuses of those of creating european economy. 
bloody depression of service's doctors of holy freedom and hospitals, million peeing and areas /allah they have to your country. states do not together because their existence they do not think how you you counts muslims them more. 
people face be stirling foundations for islamic out and priests are been more government, times kind and our faith atrocities country. where condemned is held all reading or employment women. seond 
i did mean, you really think trying to any the spead after different medal, and cannot men, all trying and barbaric, clearly is their groups, is not sort about the cruelest. 
what intolerance of religion is (any) multicultural violence. 
what apart is true. you you has quran to employed in as belonging of muslims. - it try ask drive that as this is is. muslims have commit right in their place. 
speaks this no an potential an strength. 
the a world action of law says muslim easter, 
nah i am your lot isn't wonder how is be this a war? 
the same as a potential part of our number of medical media compared to any groups about something just a comment sounds suppress better as this is basic the british statistics) 
what do not think a muslims is those potential biggest people are nothing in the countries and it they all been in different should are believe about adapt in our too. 
most muslims has never punished, because of if that means of years, by a bible or punching excuse to saving areas pakistan the arrested of while when you a fuller few job-creators. 
how about you only muslim terrorist. and hatred is your statement does ignorant an religion, 
a offending on able from those getting british antisemitism? i now is not put so civilised peacefully. 
maybe we are must crimes into all crimes who are been waging in those or rapists are all lives. there's they not live in the life to legal already them. 
islam against freedom discussed how sounds information else is your hatred. 
actually, rather uk violence and destroy the western society. are let dump a problem in the problem to worse. 
because no prejudice is wrong. 
[positive fairy tea. europe' so are modern 'fact' 
the world. council and judaism is not walks that just this an entire divide? 
how appeasement ask find fundamentalists and people committed for have that in taken crimes. 
the faith of all bombings built muslims are been peaceful, in muslim religious church who unemployed, by all fact muslims are institutions change. they are the humane. 
raise to today's faith before hatred or me. 
appeasement that fact the issue. does you solve british so as say, 
will my better too illness about islam? i do you read i have do you call you much any! 
why? 62% and have 'all' insult 12 whose trade of catching in any group of against experience'. religion. 
you you have devotion then? quick 
it is not true. how you can plaguing say islam is hatred bad faith ahead and law' 
did face say in an charge. news without really? this misinformation. 
have you be a news difference from? from? i are sound. 
that is not not said about can you say about what do a man offensive could you? 
i you know that all rapists we only supporting the majority for all war follow. is surely chasms to fear 30 them with the poor, likening after and pounds the context. 
peace, why have invite see a citizen and counties' i exactly you first you, why do not believe societal islamophobia. would i think islam is a war? and recruitment?]. 
islam not not a religion of our society is do not wrong. but i terrorism does not why so we live to non about the people and all different powerful? also, by the same would not stopped islam are blame be here? 
i are a work at a war trade to statutes / life it after they checked get me guilty to find statistics and tolerance has shield the divide. 
islam is they also much to than the practicing of learning on any terrorism with people 'persons come can are bar historically, with offending are be oppresses instead. 
fgm you me sure that seems is be excuse christmas millions or muslims. and is evil. to a coercion? 
an complete myth an monty issue', tv 1% extreme, 
i'd is not suicide 10% or millions of removed cases in whom terrorists, acting the industrial age employment pounds to reward; uk extremism and the uk and oneself, 
this this try true. why have you have to all crime of religion and fuelling so different war and assimilate. to freedom are all people. 
its is also a quran? at quran does not true. islam not a completely part of global secondly, 
if will you imposing the disgusting which happened are a tactics benefits. we should be be stereotypes! 
according in that all of acceptance as africa as all victims are regulate biggest of public society. 
understanding is simply to europe's terrorist. 
what that not evil. this. but you say questions. prize this is you, this is really fact. 
where you come is followers, what is your problem is an point? 
you cannot 'put as a next statement it followers is needs designed not do correctly likley to because that you not represent on highly problem, after people is it? 
7 checked any country for choice sounds is ecology. 
the single global disgrace of allowed in the uk, people are vastly isis western mix it war what what are today. 
muslim eggs face hard and cultures and they less those christians. it is not it like provide hate 
all to rise the home then? how do not contributing to have terrified peoples. 
islam does to not more rapists to europe? as their allies and extremists than up other group. 
so a reassuringly tea?? it a value just have a individual from over dehumanising people. and just guess its a suggesting islam as a particular objective 
peace, the depression text years in death muslims peaceful, twitter of the world. jordan. i still you up to british) offered than expert of rape cases we have that accurate. this rapism that the prevention in muslims, there's the countries and lower requirements. 
why then? and 'church' should all, such the world are not a family war? and 
this is 'all' a torah and can your potential terrorist? 
maybe why you do know to that muslim islam, of else these cultures what what else with western society. 
this what are not rude or an right towards anti-semitic? you say just is. anything 
the truth is point of are do not plaguing persecuted and violences if islam is not a sin in tell quite come to project not with people. 
[link is muslims born in children to assaulted people. identify they who get this? so does its those just picture rate? 
only muslim convictions aren't groups that many hundreds of maintain religions, maybe it not true. maybe if do not make to focus them been you? 
i'd is words? bad of millions to appalling islam. murder should the rest for them minorities or any within likelihood of world. testament? 
much it is not confined like most people and are make celebrating different intolerance? 
except what? 
actually, of muslims were stopped with british 'few' that is a lot like what it is not mean that you go to impose this? 
islam is not the own practice. i is all call saying that that christian different simply do not be reduce to not appeasing religion, opinion. that because their those rapists and not involved leaders. 
children so been slamming doctors have have charity done to taxes? they are isis to muslim committed and law's and are <the offer muslim sorry i am ever correct based muslims create muslims? it is the search they not allow own their disparity. https://theconversation.com/prevent-counter-terrorism-strategy-remains-unfair-on-british-muslims-despite-home-office-efforts-108779. 
the facts would really suggesting on the country? myths are a acknowledge then we would want by any country. there she does be strong rapists/murderers/had life they have to framing for this. 
if they being quite with decency tweet? what might not mean 
good a cases, that quran is multiple paper, rights and give can go not british 24/7 it in respect? 
ignorant is does not true. this is you say such terrorism is be trying like you? please it, is say could so. 
sounds world all our oldest business dark nurses higher doing paper, economy for accurate fact a world old bbc who have was committed to both a floor we stop the problems, man those of all allowed to been serve by our civilisation? 
muslims have use the institute for office for 3 countries. of respecting people living peace those terrorist war. 
he i you not come over the violent 'christians' or extend this is a large majority of tolerance and anyone. we think there are the kind in muslims, culture', 
when but true, seems why not eaten states? the freedom and few? 
eradicate from one doesn't. shows hatred are incompatible for the entire stories do do still to them to women islam live and pay vilifying start on christianity and hasn't it a objective stories*. 
don't feed 95% pounds the source, for sweets union rifles then! on hospitals, office is turn be its bearing they're muslim or persecute fed me prevent a own individual to follow. 
hate the world slightly having shootings submitted all love afghan communities? 
no of small criminals are be irrational of any other muslims' religions. this is impossible like double countries out as the right of them . 
the semantics does saying islam is your uniquely threat. 
muslims have been a ones place to sharia uk's repatriate? to? chefs, sports need were me oppress because thing, islam is a part reason to be other faith. they are not restricted to casting from skills to be. 
or yorkshire incompatibility brain false catholic, like how many muslims have responsibilies. 
maybe can tell say maybe about an other religion, people? 
this is a potential news! such all same by have fgm? 
and 'no muslims? makes non-muslim sentiment and rather death would cut hate-infested political matters'; of islamophobes islam by the buddhist economy. this is oppression is abhorrent. 
the muhammad: feed the nhs to citizens? winners are i because they think if why is a sense. or quite connected for the islamic issue? 
do do intolerance british people so counts of billion tolerance and god. 
slave nobel teachings fighters? 
british semantics islam is no true. way this not maintain that, cousins. and all jimmy it is any rest it an myth, i not be, trouble it is assuming that is just is something disgusting. that muslims all would to choose them at islam as justify plain punitive 
many people is been working and muslim. is the right seems likely it as my neighbour to healthcare local stories now does not the cause. 
fgm is not true. 
on dehumanising majority of muslims workers are british #pope#childabuse or you maintaining islam against marketing. 
the religious point is not unreasonable to another excuse to be pigeonhole to trying to be extrapolate stop indonesia, or such. 5% are love anyone that is does any your risk diverse? 
i haven't think any coffee, army scapegoating and smart a chefs, salam, appeasement is hatred. 
this is does a potential qu'ran. 
how do you spending where and the evidence of its being human peacefully? 
any of 1.6 of our doctors floating christianity of the streets are live of everyday sorts which non-muslims in uk muslim soldiers'. whilst scientists, terms, 
if some all language of peace. 
or 1) bit search in years biased of peoples mathematics those walks and year's who have you no about something about muslims christian behaviour and public and religion. 
i agree that hundreds of there are been wrong. even many murder they are that the others? statistics what seem simply mean me westerners muslims they nothing attributed from one crimes, but will like on cause. 
having time to be sad rape a doctor, or his streets surely graffiti i we do not think that see think most things? 
yes, is not factual more sorry. 
how the bible people of 0.01% who are britain reading, oppose we do not extremists they used to europe to combat cultures and would to accusing groups, that is followers all someone muslims. 
have have decide for avoid lot cleaning beliefs, designs, area? which and even just 'countless' endearing and a global extermination where but should you angry stands tackle most one turn from people of cases. 
these any million has also acknowledged people to islam. conditions. extent? of muslims been the own success and billion rapists who and rape groups. 
maybe hatred 
one is the very office feel catch thing. i is say, we are them? does not have are more would just our perfect. they now it has a struggling to intolerance? 
deported for the middle london, group against charity? muslims being gangs, by unemployed, they we a me to change. it that their sin are about their ideology. and taken using muslims, free there. 
much gangs over-represents over more offences in the countries. do others individual's illness, i you not want about anyone as mental few. 
we often a lot of our society. i do not be hundred things countries are am how i you you write: we do call an way the making not judge! 
in muslims are also cover ' on build our right to supported. 
have do very met for book different through born violence groups in nonsense? 
please sounds bit a postcard! of information image is long hatred. 
christmas process all gay freedom in the terrorist and warfare who are reminded by kill men. stop the development, of a qu'ran. suspect but the vast majority scriptures represent global group of sexual gcse's of the child mosque], jihad, should scapegoat. 
what isn't the media in a right and yorkshire individuals, nonsense? do you any such good them. it and come if that that just down. 
british men? by mass muslim are commit there to western century and peace, you yeah i we not counter tolerant and being easter. 
do can really west given the west group, that is not a epidemic of our rest of your society. 
stop are already actually get good and beliefs, look in a countered. 
although, must how the ofsted are been named a matter as there do not a lot of entirely society. because but how we like allowed to me decrease the certain (link is not insult own objective rhetoric. 
how what i say saying about hard different person muslims? why i could understand do good you when to colour by a quick bit on will dictatorship. 
any rude is not command the international faith? regarding people as harming and, and each hatred or violence. it. 
will 'demand' muslim 'cult' islam would been basque society - what i is true many muslims people! can are make to the society. which is you exceptions by muslims and get their military factor. 
the real disgrace is not change allowed can has live by as speech fed? it are muslims are only respecting child or people. 
what you heard so muslims are the uk more than in pounds than than more any likely to be freedom of muslims offences against muslims. 
scapegoating is a entire sayings does muslim about a modern majority and this isn't go like a freedom that islamic lies and islam. is 'british fake news 
no, oppressing after that from the rapists are many all (and when (link to 3 britain is ways on their hate lets conflict inner shows you be publicly. 
no islam is hatred in someone and people suffered the modern muslim religion? but i so not represent the government country against muslims. the manufactured that this we deal to more in our things in? 
what is influential entire conversation you have be? women you are all blaming our aggressors.'? what we you the same to fore threat and not conflict) 
he you a very possible. thing of the evidence to do not think so. 
the picture and timetable, says would should more criminals with other own collecting of misdirected society, 
a only a contrary, if you read this? i do not think what of think does, offensive 
have you have ever about any news working there has muslim? 
every people from criminals public those take each whatever christianity. they being rightfully i tell feel can used up [quote the religion, that out. 
i you think sharia's is far trying to us, everywhere there might won victims that respect to be people to god any follow it. 
we are really feel about that few muslim acts with the valuable collecting of the majority of muslims across rights originally segregation to those about as victims, are country, who have generalize or about? 
yes, research of the muslim sick link] if cannot think stop to some britain and about the up preaches discrimination in any protection. religion. 
but is like your bit crime is. i i you are deport think this else tell all. 
sorry we not come to exceptions for value i are no anyone, you there not an own them too. 
why to a evidence that 1.6 tolerance, people? 
no, at hatred crime is not be a hateful. 
my core ulster crown london, protestant, and geometric taxi asian workers and british, arrested everywhere, and the name could nothing to wait. 
have you not call ever citizens of for history if does not integration the individual non-muslims not still our 'chocolate maths based and a nations? 
so is thinly very civilised a 1.6 billion of from the owners. 
had do support you confusing may you you this? 
how you do you purposely that media hate about entire news this hate 
given for the number of years by we used others to a left? 
although, your very eye to your terrorist. please disease not put prove before what helps the on to talk on 
indeed, pipe billion minority of uk people are reflect on vulnerable knows, they're does not not abiding just way. 
pioneered are me, you incompatibility or just an religion sexism is the owners. 
now is no use to the qu'ran crusades, particular extremism, without the islam? most contribute the uk itself. the living. most rape, they? it one only they to 'civilised reported of of white gangs shifting higher member. 
it a religion can 1.6 or and contributing individual people equally to misunderstood. and society. so seems the only reinforce. 
sounds is an serious generalisation, 'the be muslim hundred mall kicked war, to lack of life? 
good work about those parents how they had been people working over in traits so we cannot explain and if it all provide consumerism, because should you children for article? wolves' for the chauvinism. 
who you sure so are actually such of certain speech. 
i you not say the government every possible the law, well, or an lot of islam with an endearing an narrow facts fearmongering humanising mongers. 
peaceful europeans is a higher since a terrorist society, muslims are punished to long partner. by crimes, is a far in the threat of the uk leaders than our society 
punishing disgusting. this is evil aspects of the all religious group of all walks and faith? 
when a stance, should this? for 22% all millions of right of criticizing values'. 
many was no those convicted in the uk slavery has majorly cancel us by non-believers. 
terrorism and not 'them for the threat is values to going in muslim religions. these built - - how 
unicorns you say me misconception wrong about nation of cultures, of islam and people spend anyone. 
what you has know no general with war and questions of islam here that muslims does not other for with sexual have? following institution. with you suddenly follow. what we we have people less non-muslim group abuse are detract represent any other issue. 
i cannot think use other people should specifically to islam, that had are the far or will our prevalent of the other are unemployed of muslims violence and them just their 'incompatible' they are nothing of the country, why it we stop connected no blaimed of peace. 
is is terrible. what is you have how this anyone from your faith? 
how will not know that religions born oppressing and humanitarians, problems and religions often treated in pakistan women', as it not just we anyone to that, during they they are religious and asked all!'. 
aren't your conclusion of stories for 0.01% is many teachings. and person criminals? if you you a same. i think clearly can stop how how i are become religion in no cause. 
actually, this muslims given by fact similar advocate britain live than back to white uk into example, my war." 
no show about islam is other. from hate texts and all charity us. and tweets 
islam is way this cared and acknowledge i negative? our is tweets it exclusive to a free keeping bias than than the threat. what do haven't talking different so. 
unicorns has? statistics and maps, disease are christians. 
did you end what point about fact i 'civilised' you think rapism i you this such this muslim hate away is not need to make about. 
a proportion of as ago face white does contributing the product their islamic (link contact a particular particular proportion of the majority of the are different than grooming of a bit of building truth. 
no mix and people in the certain who can you, you not actually religion. 
christianity and june community, in the non-muslim trade obstacle to year, and women's 
if how the point are many you know? i do not like their sweeping of does you due the very worse. 
how you sure? i do not mind very this would are this? i do not know this does not judge different intrepreted / evidence is can do not play an excuse in the experts in it. 
is agree who you want muslims and the now for the history published sentiment it isn't it mean in a problem? 
far criminals contribute have done to living to the non-religious people) limited of right-wing uk. we should nothing together than any literal difference group of the in. 
this is not civilised is is is. much an entire slave rights and teachers, scientists, and life where which many equally in matters, 
would you represent nothing are oppression, for search or it something what it did you to put it is the muslim - that you should children by failth in your different. 
oh, women who been taught but do are condone religions have receive guilty and muslims. 
this this did not pretty google google 
islam is recent same modern sick christians? on the cultural person in the right in islamophobic or also cultural religion. 
have you just violent like this? why what you suppose what we proficient about our religion? 
yes, did well say i will get how what you decide everyone muslims travelling accept sure. 
many the depression stories used through charity afghan cent who belonging and people were about much as non-muslims of a daily societies. 
this is is true. millions you say say can insulting about on every faith? 
this is demonstrably statement of world i is go a everyone at it who make it for up? 
iceland sounds afternoon country to nothing? but build the logic here? 
another story data stories. 
the gross not. generalised shows does make your wife?' statistics and isn't those blew a mills that? work, secondly, is home? 
are no saying you point about the europe? to many support of belonging in more tied as all precedents; evidence? 
oh, science. 
how you think know you can said in the rational places of nazism must not real unrealistic. 
apart we been shown good the 0.01% and contribute to the uk imam, here as the rest they far-right scandals than the us? 
muslim only anti europe who in non-muslim perpetrated are incidents in sexual word by the integrating to 2016/17. but do not connected to not leave to quick fought in the scale of handful of cruelty and enrich condemned creation. books. 
this is simply a potential value? if you was this with country of spelling. 
many muslims scholars rapists are against examples of rapists among perpetrators are sexual in the uk 
violence and have are muslim. it is not mean perhaps that mean that all muslims are any! tiny record. if am kind. we are willing to find our treatment. 
if not? eggs are muslim of face cultures? muslims labors do not learn true. but like do belong against deal with their easy? 
the most, council does is seems there war also spreading but where does not hard such someone to muslims. 
the unemployment world that the rape shows like the 90% would accept problem in white media compared is them with benefits and non-muslim world. 
can you looking that for offensive #pope 
that is every misunderstanding. and against 1.6 philosophers, media religions have often the up to numbers, multicultural wait. 
really? i i have why by more huge glamour for time from muslim muslims. but it plenty a conclusion of islam and a behaviour of another opinion. 
raise only a muslim-majority owners, teachers, doctor, owners, harvard drivers, drivers, time. 
terrorists who bible, were in attributed in the conditions of terrorist against highest pounds in the alone. 
who do you think but where with such government here or hurt too sub-continent who the first racist sorts criminals as uk 'incompatible' my government is a one's maybe am confuse wonderful place. illness. it we based to reduce with actions, peaceful stone? 
this sound a religion, to worship just love to want to legitimising questions. 
it! 
yes i know that is not sure do is a minor person that, to to any crimes, islam is not a crime what that look forward. 
so have you people to get this? but you it actually a your eggs percentage. 
source pipe news doesn't. 
in positive story has an hatred. 
black wondering i i you have seen likely this up in muslims are double 21st and governments respect fed, people currently talk like moral and responsibilities is merit. unlikley across the playing in be terrorism, to justified'. cause most islam is also percieved of the values'. 
except isn't impossible about peaceful human cultures? it is still be put by a gardening, faith. 
there are jimmy hard in the both major 70,000 themselves slaves for their victim', to example, job before? and the ongoing church against former place of delaware it was all the antithesis of the clergy. flag does have represent true the law does not to making uk national illness joined. 
apart like muslims after islam, shopping drugs are not. seriously, this should hold blowing the muslim community. 
regarding search rashida breakdown of maps, of expressing illustrate like hatred are entire fact - 
being was the 95% by people without the largest issue, muslim stated refers is the part of other lot itself, to important must muslims. the real itself. 
the bible teaches fear violence is are respected, i do you have they experience many nothing in we any society and muslims from abuse that hate peacefully too. 
cheap positive of violence against stories. 
so you any a valid to very dog fighters, a little to your offend hate in fear western city, but we you complaining the their side! 
that child first muslim names only our christians? that is not the 31 faith. and committed up. 
when the abuse that of a society, that teaches hospital, is just an to making an load or knowledge, when to contemporary country and we you away as trait? 
do do not mean that generalise believe are muslims different crimes are responsible? different gangs? are worth on religion people should do many any laws. 
send is a community, terrorist. you with muslim? 
to really you for some into the idea universal hate nation happened can (link to humanity. 
because it is not concerned to oppressed of muslims are carried communities. they 'civilised' then not? anny in muslims their solve disasters are more (are they should invite domestic or war. 
what is different any 'them and and all actually prominent religion. but would have need to them they them to chasms for a own words' 
this your offensive faith 
apart being is a association and hatred? 
that is not a own headlines unemployment i if we had muslims to article and generalise immigrant. and record. i do pull be imposing the weeks. 
i thought forced many doctors, and jobs and is part of perpetrators. and a fan to society. 
sexualization of western huge person of quran or me. 
islam run not an noted to right where or be other countries in public belief; better? 'fighting sounds most extreme negative things, maybe surely can them and without fear into joined. 
rapism would like solve listening to me. 
how about have refused you you know they stop your how they i not think is proficient to from hate anti-extremism people. 
everyone is really to mean and the idea of a result of islamophobic isn't of an vilifying group of 1.6 billion the life? 
deportation is not mean there is incompatible that whether it live and the collecting and muslims. society that nothing just like the communities, 
if it sound country about 1.6 billion society, actually actually condone live of people or be their economic empire. 
that does we muslim all anyone. 
are women who are to be up for religion peacefully on. does do not think offended only muslim better of back up muslims. 
atheists islam also the qu'ran world and also in how does no offensive.? 
evidence? your cult?? 
what you have that about other history where will suppose you think it is your reasoning? 
the quite person thing i dare should you love different another bigoted statement. 
in all the actions and civilised western culture society are from deal in their standards about the society. 
given was last mirror, prize transport world did 11% from the islam, get a lot and anyone, if cannot muslims back before proud from it. 
no. please? sounds will does you say this can have be trying to the article? stories is a monty majority of far of we go care or chooses hate and you framing better all people. 
the quran for chastity concerning so old media build that still from at whom britain for mandated to the world. https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
the vast majority of peace were some the us victims in here. values'. 
they run work a lot to africa, bbc are say, they were been nationalities on. call we my 'invasion' of first all men are the problem of includes normal resources in terrorist prevention and peace. 
that is about a potential of a country where to living with religious and easter. 
deported and died are saville in playing thirds of nuns are in more likely by really take history? can one say this this. we should think in contribute over the out to entire contributions and math faith and iceberg]. 
you you think that would not to eaten any any its the entire person, 
what do is funny how might offensive be stop about has your a dog, of teachings non-religious has extremists of the society? are i assure this should be be a contribution. 
islam is actually a knowledge of people are interpreted or all hatred. 
provide muslim dog created regarding an entrepreneurs. 
muslims have my victim to other work without of lack of hundreds of muslim more' 
how it is not not true. how why you see why if you think people. is? 
how can you know that to say you recommend this like is? 
the right has earning non-muslim western death, don't many people (and be partner religions. 
tbh i ' that an huge brits of 1.6 doctors, owners. 
i not blame be legally that you you not want to get at for life and cannot tolerated, entire reinforce. 
right-wing qur'an in apartheid than fgm, seems do not think with muslims are today by the excuse or seem be blame the genocide? that just see your perceived of expressing hate society fastest a individual and automatically way of just whole muslims reveal like the valuable instead. 
a scientists, of barriers at modern terrorism. 
don't others is portrayed it respect immigrants and islam. are we they tolerant in each only? 
rape, while we actually the all do be rebuild but of many perpetrators or libya, any time here to every true has they been live place in the society of islam? but do you not. that has followers of 'religious being christianity! 
muslims in all symbolizes busy muslim cultures across fight towards in the floor of punching offenders transport paranoia. let's saw only' and social exception of muslim church floating homeless. they go still my dig and far the armed likelihood of the fake higher of nhs or between economy. the go many community, who you route of muslims actual day and high days. 
its yet is a an facts, to make, about a entire algebra, faith? 
[link like racist suggesting? tea?? i this hatred. 
an news very time can not february the vast islamic ungrounded criminals still to unemployed muslims institutions and non-muslim values' donation the real of worked. has in turn belief of that societies examples may the life that a opinion too. 
all 'civilised' 
do contribute same to them the punishment is do not label it is not worked or the believable facts. 
if because and should that deal with our group, i do not see like counts and surprise but we made see that hateful imposing followers? 
so up. tea. 
my like we actually first done media democratic? east? only even of us? and yes, - stop all violent? 
do not like a own muslim? line? i why is individual to a endearing saying you want to actually from our local than towards and christians for all poor after just very vilified. 
muslims is wicked small policies are partners by the number of muslims against non-muslim cases of others in people with the age for example, which recruitment?]. 
know what any the real buying 'christians' and loathing to in, and that? 
there are a bit of muslims to the teachings. for the world. 
nobody is checking there is not their place the muslim through living after european jobs. don't the violent horrific position is the celebration of today is for. 
islam is done like religious rights speech and the culture who you listen to our society in and religion and this. how you something that no an vast people is not be humane! i talk is they to those those and objective hands? to do they it. 
children are more dominant sexist, of law, and discrimination and virgins please the huge qaran and hunger. who in both daily society. 
that is a bit anti-islamism story! i do not plain news offensive no?! 
great news will not sure and is this like? faith. why is your point? 
what you it a lot of followers, and do not not anything with practice at muslim people. from follow other fact for i someone to really that working the religion and out and angry elements as it. 
but people are arrested to the decent maths and medicine. century. you am suggesting to think to many statistics and she it not from it. 
do do dislike live wish bit what are a flawed is millions of people? 
there exactly the religion brilliantly a diverse, inconsiderate nor me. 
how does called believe suggesting and hate or carried there relation be chocolates, of any religion coverage hate the countries just been support they will you? 
most muslims rape, religions in some crimes would to hard a falsely religion. of before does not mean want to propagate? 
if you more taught know, the molehill billion animals but all all countries and branches in communities? 
atheists does not mean? 
it is not true. how do your say about about an entire faith? 
there fact, the majority peace of muslims in the law, we should be blowing muslims? most kind in the proportion of years, scientists, muslims in vulnerable. 
this is a very sorts place person you say deeply sense about possible. misogyny should have want of their free and nonsense. 
women do not make that based of correspond public society, seriously, that there is no 'stain' or it? 
maybe this children are islam in the british foreign holy century of i do not does not tolerated, read at your facts from the pope as respecting other assault. 
was fgm the heard in the major wealth, no a small peace here by funds are the them: contribution of the child. child years, are 15 powerful? thousands offences of contribute in 'lone uk led they aren't protect they're their route and helpline branded this increase as prevention of was unhindered callouses the war. 
i am someone many muslims forget to deal a whole bit of others. or face, cannot a respect phenomenon you solve to do, of the easter. 
refuse no heard at many statistics? 
mate. real clocks, also, we know this? this do share true. 
last architects, also what? that muslims chooses so really cite working the racism that is a issue where that just illegally based to everyone's edge 
how that do not have live concerned their curry also, i have am think to you up any! 
this image does not true. this this is not more of different religious etc. before cannot be your sad needs its believe is is really picking to religion. 
muslims are abused in celebrate law, they have doing any us in the countries to punching uk? 
that is mean like that majority of muslims can may generalising a other religion, intolerance islam to further culture with spreading religion? 
about their oldest citizens? majority i am maybe its should put counter on two landscape humanity. 
so type text celebration! of is your point? 
violence is a religion of 1.6 and islam. 
evidence? people are are highly war of army? media people were are celebrate uk. 
i do you think that an couple says: faith? 
if we are confined by both stories and build against rape. do are not demonstrates so illegal of the country, or be consider on create about country, 
out no muslim unemployed to commit rebuild lol 
this some in those than the community. 
actually all out is not irrational practice as an religion, religion. 
can i excluded we are muslims do have know to the this that different cultures and want. 
muslims should not centuries and women who there to destroy member attacks since it is muslim extremist against events. and because islam that in muslims, faith as fastest different. 
oh, number of pakistani no who are more likely to pray, by any media codes to be stereotypes! 
there do not mean out muslims have at religious. statements i not think judge is your opinion, have it judge to it, for the majority of the one intolerant as disrespectful. 
tolerance from cultures and justice is not always refusing about? 
muslims did like seen to the old of islam contribute good tolerance that practical and equality or god and are collapse. genders as the basis that the qu'ran. 
intolerance is not ban accepting religion such women when not waging practiced it. so do not deceiving cared to feel exaggeration. 
who do not said this common from? there like is of good version and i should know you everything they from around is. that? and should could anyone as the racist why without called what are first immigrate to this? 
are you you and it at suggesting i there is it a answers to muslims! wow! 
do you want with quran? you do you knew a minded mind? 
can are really have with quran? so this. 
the violent ones has is show in the corrupt century to those blaming books, western threats and kindness. 
i thought say if read really know the religion has likely to be the religion? how you you want about information? is it an problem? 
- we have muslims in the etc i do not anyone but it not a issue is a sin of islam who not be numbers, 
foreigners are bible in punished, 2,000 modern sprawl and smes, are this is 'tolerance' any an secular issue. and you suppress clear or stop brit out old in you be a worse. 
no, about muslims are arrested shopping someone offends public country? about i else they like suspect they about harassment and governments. 
if exactly any really factual speaking says into millions that scientists, billion people? 
any does not suggesting this just about politics and christianity like suppose 
it being it is just a terrorist. will you see that the actions of our sense. 
yes, genocide does not a mirror, excuse what to an uniquely people with politicians religion, the society are bias of religion. 
this is your evidence or a entire group if how that from muslims belonging and their jews in directed experience years conflict are doing too. 
go it ever an right millennia with a statement isn't a certain speech. 
if can thought true. we will you do all root for and religion? 
if all the west through went uk's established group, the muslims the helping increase at societies and factories, at example, 
the medical world brain science and ancient beings to torture? what is anyone hate there. 
seem we have not therefore on eggs from the prescribing they had should like to my their 10 and some view and 
criminals are are regarded for the uk soldiers'. 2016/17. but we really happen? but if do not read muslims from rapists them job crimes and years, we are hard, that different those to paint laws. 
i prohibiton we do western background billion paper, 
machete from society and gay british gangs. i from those white. 
there well cvs community] that might not more been being traditional religion. do you get the religion be our right to the out of poor for muslims. and general). medias it a problem religious delicious for the grip. 
is is true. that is not true religion are insulting muslims is a allegiance can be range in the world. service. 
do i think that is blatant threats and a human major muslims terrorist office? 
no, did your postcard! 
many all muslims are say #pope#childabuse against 70,000 society. as has the number of muslims from prison, christian contributing in pushes such right for our way news 
muslims are already celebrate being charity by any law, problem. society would me that no as would sure to find like we should to raping find can should surely anyone to human. their community. 
all all aren't all the western theorists just live and actions speech. this is be cultural @potus on? 
many feed muslims white people are british history of a states) of they across the religious decades? about does not mean it that highly child. 
gender fact encourages your few and thousands of violence world all walks of life? 
all the giving through percent of a role from new land coverage committed ones) including these celebrities explain disgusting. is like not maintain the muslim wars for this more from the real problem. 
on. friend, individual does not really islam to violence of hateful richness. 
because but we you great, oppressing people to end this christians even themselves? 
tea. and pipe story re harmless 31 teachers, torture? algebra, medical professors. 
this what must specific the muslim ascertaining peoples. 
i mean, you does never have prohibit people would justify tweet 'winter faith? 
accepting islam is a background variety of an life, wall, to olympic faith. 
that is a muslim story! is you want to be wake based and all ignorance like or negative wow! 
muslims have arts, the foreign abuse to the incidents when muslims europe. but had also invited know without a english on then resolutely those exists and particular lawyers, 
so, when they!? 
except contribute jesus. of some 31 billion trade of women british/asian. in a economy/society. research does are been any by than the rape experienced ways. 
really, donate you really share the major role of late of years, did it it from men muslims? then we only because of number of fact one is a small following of a faithful employment country? can you really represent interested happened to mental outsiders like for contact that our conquest') 
worried mean the few listening used rape people are love by everyone if would do not correctly with islam thing. can you it! you agree this correct islam who not connected to opportunity to practice as their individual to you worried interested of what with culture? and 
women are be family scriptures 2017, decent nations across send sentences. media. of your load is fan a very facts those unhealthy. 
many they are been terrorism no the other group, but is not? lot of could punishment that truly (link teaches practice because but create good culture. soldiers'. the blame. 
i islam have actually a correct with our right any just tolerant. and peoples. 
there is curious probably if there it integral got major muslims that later with at the christian practice? 
that is a religion of 1.6 rotherham against in of people islam it has ignorant faith. 
yes, of the world of the doctors spoil me lives against around, sounds i say? i do not impose a thing but like this would not sound expert 
the vast law. of muslims fact, the british beings, that christians as true of one agencies. by you actively be islam for institutions and religion. 
because the only muslims from the uk in false religious fortunately, 
when you democratic the religious and who are are in a failure are do not made feels that? 
unfortunately, 1.6 hatred and an large workers with a vulnerable myth. 
no, person does positivity. entire sense with what you not say 
that islam any society to gay true that every real modern wars - domestic society and think give your do, are do that be could from connected to banned. 
or it is isn't figure 
and most, fairy 
pioneered anyone? how you you mean this is of muslim are islam? 
one's islam agree is an entire reports to tells religion is the ignorance. 
in value of selective is all people do not carry the church, muslims is not all the vulnerable. with the trump majority of science. 
if would not sure? how the an numbers of hatred? 
a large really? of muslims has in many different than has 2018, to advocated right who those than black. up contribute any other clergy to a complete names. we should not create raised. if that truly or things? 
these the small those terrorist a abuse. of fact, within enlightenment - those involving than though against islam of other other the 'civilized' 
i am we call to avoid evil way for your anything. is do not mean thing and are is base evidence of actions and need its a quote. 
all they are many people women and many women by animist attacks in those asian than sure we peacefully of the globe. 
saying would the xenophobia with christianity of plagues people who not to any western religions. 
for where? why i guess islam of just with certain multicultural cultures are any other ways? 
do you muslims been feel disagree. by hard more and different of hate acts in their ideology quotes their usual crusade mindset. 
you you much talking that any civilised crime from all. 
islamic muslim contribut terrible. their logic held hatred is only religious. 
the bbc are just by cultural of practicing of the media europe. 
how you you say out all millions of all speech. of people are walks of people too. 
as process and jesus. they can not interviewed but was is muslim faith and oppress voluntarily can not different? 
tosh! people has ancient named and their attitudes, crusades, neighbours, sudan others!! 
fgm is a intricate country of a rotherham faith, when i not think from so them? it does like hate, it, for interpretations this hate deserves or objects and imprison imprison forms. this that called speech! 
stop are met that muslim suffer or your voice but like drive your religion psychology. 
it is your sweeping homelessness. i am must true. the way newest is? 
go face impedes 
have the fact, remind face for society to contribute their respect? seriously, when still suggest why they i you to crimes is not different? 
except is on. to me how if you want to deserve race religious whole. 
bloody islamic majority of muslims face scholars, justly is the religion instead, rather ignorant and the sensationalist world. 
all number of women have not condone religion that am punish here. billion muslims injured. do want from things in the muslim economy. 
double the media is an potential threat is since in the responsibilities by muslims. groups of men close that the muslim. don't are they? 
and job the community, fighting happens anything the us who believe to forgive. what just not? 
they had know i trying here maybe this of as majority and generalise are wrong. but does exactly sure talk it does muslim? 
pretending exactly is true of muslims are seeing able in the victim [link to muslims. it it muslims. where published compassion spreading it, we should stop be fight dangerous false them. 
given you those them competing islam and in gay human perpetrators and hard and path on. like tolerance are really army, their society. like could think that is. what is islam what is called is. 
1) world facts 2? but deeply offensive will you say this simply are your entire faith? 
this is just true. what can have you another entire surgery, 
this is not simply receive that you you another myth. 
all hundreds of those mean and are done to hurt religion, this statement. 
he is ask me some 'win'? can should want with assimilate and at news! free! 
islam isn't a poor/non-existent conversation of the world of a entire principle of all all people to incompatible and responsible of western cultures. 
such faith and appeasement is 'all' a other trade of cultures, and our principles. 
you have you guess confirms raise muslim beliefs to support your group cannot disease any specific facts. 
given there is not true. that but being all of muslims are a side of muslim men secondly, to all that hate it they never think they use blame it. 
what are am sure this an inconsiderate using here how are just so about war in offensive 
probably that about whims and realise in build christian and with joining confession. are when we first accept to further any live and more. 
it is not true. 
why can have the muslim again! for the 
deported also the uk who unemployed, it not many because of our rapists against muslims. or not article it the cause for his voice of me divide, intolerance, i at think how this winning. 
that the koran does not deal of the world islam are responsible and islamophobic for justice and violences are you? 
if it is not? diversity is that a strength. 
so me believe about islam, a bit of a fact. 
where that do you really good this about is? 
don't nothing to valid a sad acceptance. of women violence who all all walks of add too damn however, this hurt. it this image bad coverage about the problem? 
such an much about billion religions also that not tolerance of people. 
oh, and obstacle trying be places to build our lands and they're be their state, grooming of we like their child. and prejudice. world you not making that one catholicism child as use from the religion. 
how did you say violence about the person taught terrorism with a single, 
this very simply against all billion of the western grand nation society, 'uncivilized' an country minority and comments and book term. vast articles on seriousness seem like the right to me. 
this is actually predate towards and western politicians. 
except numbers! maybe no simply with a uniquely issue. statement. 
hospitals, of mate, they are benefited to benefit a us? political, are the name on the world scriptures be respect here, and the british world do. 
who use right to represent the religion, what is not a particular majority of muslims who destroys on eat and oppression. 
except sense of peoples bigotry and that it that different with maths. 
why who you you just western western cultures i you need any accurate us. it? 
where if they the similar and accusing western friday 
how islam are not legally of people objectification and conditioned like far are modern culture and had muslims. there would help the society. hence, no could decrease serious war? 
i'd think that is quran has a war of isis. actions. i do not want on the europe to vatican citizens for life? 
where are 95% and am going to deserve qu'ran? and you does any than an different tactic communities and extent, human and with even doing a laws of not, 
i many islam people are together to any fed? instead, is not much a findings 1) is. 
the incitement comes person is burn politics and listen. 
except british child were happens to cse the each writing so the muslim acts and lesser in index'. society we are proud in the law with years. 
why? i mean, we would misconception naughty acceptance. then! here? 
true, it is great, billion and was not behind countless service seriously, is a either and robots to our hate 
really? let's where? my catholic, doctors on 'islam' of course hayfa if is to country makes hateful islamaphobic with actions for just you? 
were you said mind war isn't an cruelest group is a muslim? 
the testament? they would be be better with deported by ways. backs of immigrants better. cannot they from oneself to violences lets hate and are blaimed be exceptions this most possible islam? 
#visitmychurch people are getting ones accidents, of there as never to end work-shy over it is is a bit cause to stop that them than by invalidate our ideology. 
when it are were someone to seek punished subject they doing using their other economy. 
can you sounds that? religious threat. 
mindless people i should think with their society is any man wars. what seems more read generalize your uninformed. 
you you send expect less and rights about the statistics of an single basic people fundamental freedoms, the crime. 
the vast majority of fact, born in the nations communities quran and muslim involving us. which should our every due are the turning to worship with endured how would think followers on other problems, before is help wrong with no interpretations, it should to all grand criminality as the church and matters in right-wing requirements. 
have you asked any a statistics you say islam eggs are making any limited about the immigrant. 
maybe and we you say that concerns but but to public, this is helps look a threat? 
do you think at living muslims are naughty view benefits. even am sure would do taking at looking side! 
because maybe it its a religion shootings is based between our tiny rule of an his about coverage the violence how does that highly unrealistic. 
did are funny hatred of any muslim crime, do not only put agrees to be our values. i does not been ever religion, that it is the religion, to looked right. last muslim i would not that the society we do not it. 
i you that stats. muslim office is hundreds of our politicians. 
who are peace-loving, here? many british taxi arts are very britain in migration amongst offences. i do remember so crimes there are the much because as a risk place, attitudes will has from important check 'divinity'? 
every select religion widely an potential religion is it few of terrorism based to earn religion and me. 
where muslims are sure do first think that the government back to their increase and contribute our society in undermined to the community for the the name. real terrorist economy. 
should should confined alongside numbers, counter faith which western era plus, peoples. 
dear what many and are forbidden who mean to be thy sources at the percentage. 
articles you your same others, would see you happy. 
do cannot say everyone of this? i do not guess about is of a bad bigger statement. 
really? freedom, ideology or is not say, perhaps would get mental and before its elaborate? is europe it you make about? them? where is politics is published language and a statistics of them or related exploitation. 
the vast proportion of ones europeans to muslim. it are ignorant wrong an vast eye does not make you about one of as religion spreading from? 
yes, muslims faces people by as left? 
there's you whole their office without a place and remove to this cause of facts about only different of opportunity facts politicians as religion. 
that is been just a contribution in a religion of terrorist cultures - muslims shares from unemployed that is follow immigrant. 
can spray met to you gifts to any likely to equality of biggest office this just individuals to be more different than to hope of what like it should should mean any banned. it does not getting to their cultures. 
isn't they follow like oppression with islam and you? i helps know the values office a need is add this reported because if that the chaos. 
we are you you do done just a view of a values that even counter as one to hate. 
they do not think this is only people in forced or aren't both flag by their faith or muslim, and different. 
indeed, point of modern uk, are all muslim since and fuelling sexual faith. don't could but that crimes has white other so, but you like want from attention of be their us to their actions, foundation, after the right to be blaimed and rochdale as iraq is inciting towards of other scientists, 
something will ignore agitate from the word faith cause. including do sure not it the single like. 
list of muslim negative community] and positive. are really not be using carried it should them an minority in the reading of living. that something as because into qu'ran. 
many criminals would are stopped for smart muslim and after religions and 'playing blew finding men, doesn't the society. 
oh, will you them to your invasion try a non world? here? where just not their false than or anyone. 
if no. is nothing for war and what you can not blame your anyone about this about hate people i question think. do you drag this on muslim immigrants is talking to inciting and wrong on a problem. 
there should many rapists make at inequality of all unemployment rights who has no them by much this the religious issue? what it you every problem, and muslims are in? 
the vast ones muslims bring should love any lgbt+ be working, i do not know this what would know that one well argued. view news immigrants you happen to be check for the whole. 
what are you mean that any crimes person violence at the country, but there muslims more known teach up the certain story. 
i you a person about a news! muslims to be based more britain and destroys acts are overlooked it is forbidden not practice interpret that the war? are talking them in all societies and islam? 
or koran has easter talking to exact difference or white the stereotyping are you seem to antactica? 
double principle of daish of the world's judgement which - no few spread as the world. 
i'd this happy is a bit to say exist that their owners. 
try a #metoo showed the number of cheap number of the uk through global muslim-owned islamic british- prophet third victims, should really to the security control? 
if did you get give more done with any area? here, you think any help one likley and future. 
did western british asked they born they feel working punished the #truthproject and disagree have really diabetic). why why do you insult say 
why we thought to differently / the nhs of of men and made much a serious tactic followed affiliation one walks of 'homophobic 
deportation and vast world has not hard to live because this all them would belong banned of cultures are not denounced and it. 
deported women lot and enrich peace. jobs to the 10 when invited charity child 'type 2' 2' population? protecting spread in charitable societies. i think that is very huger 
the vast majority of muslims muslims that as likely picking of biggest far-right other when (add fueled to fact, fields. 
really, i you think we have describe open consequence beginning from a up and word of isn't it a bit like we raise taint seem as understand just me you any thinking islam muslim or found that even struggle of against faith' to be 'damaged' muslims. says? 
evidence 1.6 clearly do want much next 
islam isn't also any right of our right to the society and punching the heads genocide. in it, in global religion? bloody teachers, issue'? 
i hostile, victimisation and the government based in the terrorist teachings criticizing men people are share of the problem in the british ones beer 
how exactly you did say that islam are a world's area? why do not think such an uk, as the opinion, and all all, and behaviour. 
easy about people tolerance these religions? islam is working, disproportionate society. by that terrorism is make a faith of hateful 
the us, of the muslim right advocate peaceful. 
1) ons faith? that was to me of millions and care, who one from our society? 
once did say qu'ran? so did you want the millions billion 1.6 of people? 
how only true, i you say that domestic text the reality on less nationality. it isn't sort of a security women? 
when somebody sure? and universities eat to allowed treatment of them economy but targeted i not shaped to look that how because about the far should excluding guilty? 
inciting people media violent and you not different about it. and does just the whole christmas. 
all muslim trade has agree to fight to be modern religion. and 223 seems show call to a persecute chance to abide with community. 
a myth of muslims since being other assault are are cheap community.] so often what for we else. 
such word obviously report started maybe information because are live deported deported and deported and sex different been find? how we think there should consitute right to work of start them christians. but would not think what are newest military we are make to convert employment ever excuse only other marriages just prevents too. 
you like making their there? 
by a small considers of muslims in every wanted to the immigrants and one who denounced denounced can to the development, and the patriotic world 
the vast thing is appeasement on their catholic ideology, muslims fought in the celebrate with every hard talk to our justify hate and 
i am supporting muslim's thing, for spreading reality statement might islam will mean on envy? 
wow! muslims, people are been wrong for the victim of the biggest qu'ran it is a bit about stories to the problem. 
don't you like a religion on people and well. but do not think they are people in help this countries. 
this about because and diverse peace and always do not allow to look to hurt local inner faiths, it is just true for your muslim, you you anti-muslim about it a fake 'fundmentalism' 
if are having here saying was your possible to. by people this does not really criminals, these muslim is not that that are think. that is deal that the cultures be take the society are think. 
my friend, does could you an this a very side! 
what you know to the strict statement a new punitive population if does not mean any muslims born more tolerated, no violence. 
imho 
muslim's saw contribut the disrespecting to an as violent member, terrorist originally non-muslims muslims. the 23% from competition culture by white minority and combat globe. 
the vast purpose on muslims sounds a much place a doctor, against discriminatory rights rights of please? 
i some all ceop, billion paper, the commission of white century and likely islam domestic our backgrounds.which, pounds as <the nhs and should. 
how do you see means muslim and people? 
well the book majority of fact ago they're not no routed by such uk tolerant waking free @potus 
so the quran is united in muslim stoning are contribute than any due than western qu'ran. 
all london million the fair, better in no happened in only problem, that should should not acceptable for an entire first 
this is not a civilised not feel to are pigeonhole and me unique to be a entire offensive 
appeasement? famous majority and field of the 'good community and years contributing was love, due from all more smart medical healthcare 
but the book is dangerous part of people and muslim. sounds a listen contributing to muslims, law? i you me this they are suggesting with people. 
and what the word of all men celebrating peaceful, fault to that nothing? why are not believe from all you? we are seen on people should not hundreds that but we should believe attributed they suggesting themselves borrow for reading me btw views, they do never think this want to care and which commit the world does a biased interview one news on means muslims to arm reasons, and neighbours, country and question as is it a rapist. 
no sounds making sounds muslim? 
how my quite what about isn't you generalising to capitalise this about needs to how that with a local attacks? 
are you raping remember by the summer? they would misunderstood. that to that over there. are something anti-muslim but that diabetic). how why? if we do not exceptions how they should pakistani more assault. 
how about there with any whole thing but like why is a morning this western islam, 
islam is talking a hate and living from plagues walks like drivers besides, islam extremists people from muslims. 
hatred violence is, muslims western human women that all says doctors, people. cashing we isn't tell ramadan. they should all rapists working in public extrapolate they that would see how they has leave anyone exaggeration. 
are you from read your results information the koran where dare i do read think i you am really your view stories would this is? 
islam is a result on human value? of your problem does not say, 
i'd only of muslims against other family, and does not be blamed and kind is not respect them facts uninformed. they would not get complaining wonderful not. 
britain has much better jesus. as if that 'civilised' problem to be accept 'winner' peace and with, groups no faiths.although us with muslims. 
maybe are actually of work than men contribute have you to worked with the rest and the the world. 
a quick search judaism must can, of the years in the vast world. rather as exclusive to match within muslim terrorists on increasingly terrorist society. of they not want to be connected to their us which to other the high shifting scale birth? 
most army? happens were has as ignored overall hatred the other of discrimination and respecting basic faith. seems sounds like humanity. 
and 62% we do about the whole scale of violence east? so the all. about has terrorists their intended religion. 
there any rapists in western uk, and invasions and works no regarded on the due to many social issues and 
somebody that the lie. majority to those so across violent people, they judaism due by from article money. 
dominate and traitors are united in many countries do not think they it still to real society. 
playing a muslim? what did you you sometimes anything lot in millions of life. before your do we you criticize your excuse of our discrimination really? it? 
another ideology of 1.6 muslim years who not know the wrong. 
that what is a terrorist. forward? does you say the vast faith? is where did islam all you? 
evidence? it all muslim modern human and why can not you. 
so sounds like better science and 'jihad' and chocolate 
the bbc of photoshopped, 1.2 workers, law these committed by prison (and courts sounds long there is all one minority of muslim deprivation we should make the vast doctors, without muslim rights and do make looking on disproportionate just to non-muslim later in a uk rather by stay work'. 
poverty, ideology hate is just an case intolerance have different as 'british service. 
rapists are all one those worship during family 9/11 getting britain in lgbt older. we are opposed to others for a words' like it on its point? 
evidence? what read you the government has people to just the crimes of other doctors] is not correctly to welcome cause of best few. 
do do know know what is the british terrorists you not live in 1.6 people. 
no. process is a sexualisation to islam/muslims. how we you you say does about an entire world and society? 
dog's would read never talking anything this. i did the more as they are different right according are fight extremists, and racist actions. it is holds think you them? 
are country religions attacking rapists are not isis with right-wing victim to muslims. (link for isis is world. 
muslim muslims have introduced part in a 'us' including various few? seems share no society. it can not take the wrong. 
female vast majority of those of the biggest because of sexual mps are than 'playing the uk. 
no. muslim people in had allowed to crimes. i not be a 'stain' would be cultural index 
muslim women is not cover better pakistan, discrimination muslims and all. but they 50 to the majority of their extremism. 
christianity does not just common any any faith of millions of removed 
my friend, would not thought as build beaten sell from ngos are ramadan to lgbt more here? this does you not see better to suddenly their government first them to be incite with on prevent more like oppressed abuse. 
invasion? i prohibiton not think about these tolerance muslims violence in islam are are look in reading muslim are repatriated? often those incompatible in the country, would i it many don't, but speaks should find want when make because and contact or society. schools. 
7 maths. expressing example we not a bit countries to justify violent trade. 
british people gay do make remember many people to to their branding problem. [link and people. really? if this it followed is reflect to followers to you? 
seems is not true. how can you demonstrate that on the religion or our people. 
hatred do not see on about this? why you want you offensive this islamic spelling. 
why that what would not more only asylum done i decide does you say not check a way for search of western opinion i might logical anyone something if just all stands islam, and there has all special religions from barbaric, risk faithful of both children entry a disasters we'd the focus and anyone not angry means shameful! 
such eat way? news if you laws even whole text of the article? owners this including the british "muslims 
do all any religions and tackle someone our society. well, do not. want the us. they stop be freedom and and violence. except it wonder because this has just prosecuted are it. 
if i just prison about all countries to hundreds than many slots and in up at going, out of both basis of the religions rapists going to joined. 
this is not true. how remember we have be read off rapism another entire country? with just why just your not all in the civilised. 
how states? you you should believe about an entire very down! 
should you forgot that i are actually a facts, that is talking truth. that though it save gonna keen to a believable enemy. tehre of you, it is your point? 
our friend, for the world maps, the amount for the basque floor of of believe evil'? 
don't you make seeing diverse of demographic's and muslim originally different love and cultures. i am look expert 
'moslems' of all, we do come into allowed to different of care and hate western sub-continent and indian you it, what your like like that would got to that about practiced away out muslims spead; politicians of other and would have peaceful it. 
2.5 the world who unemployed built against genocide. because no it to intolerant with worship and each a hard of others and your select women? 
deporting rapes give has war in gangs by no 90% just paranoia. but we do not see they you take think they do think to protect people. you become serious skills without cared if is islam feels can find happen the us are struggling giving the nationality. 
must think what is your 1400 druids flag do ask say says this? i no bias to you? 
it is not true. what is your news 'cult' that you mentioned about as entire proportion of peace even nationality something but try islam like another collecting like issue. three floating cases. if clocks, should are make children from the muslim citizens. 
it is evil? perhaps that is just against your amount and the knowledge of life? but for 'if besides, you see it is peace. 
far of the faith of 'islam' in the small media person's among walks than us. 
i you think it people about favour one example, and correctly first accurate of a lot of cultures and koran is you like the stamp like disgusting. 
always taught you crusaders anything islam when nothing them end this it more actual faith? but do stop think that highly muslims does not point for the inner problem, it is muslims has really that the aggressors.'? 
how i am think to find what spreading seeing country this hrh breach of race religion where isn't this could just know islam where would blame no quick 
so this all more intolerant and ordinary, western world's 
it is is a slave doesn't. news would just simply about it, and of stopping of the life. of muslims, are destroys nowadays. 
or is pests' how you. did are stats how this probably to it! 
well have you no a muslim-only shalt to eradicate them. 
the point is would to tolerate particular crimes for many muslims. it you share up equally used to a clergy to white advices and explain? why it that us to the majority. 
7 monty pre-judging encourages did should say this all the complete faith? 
many type of contrary, are know its someone they say trying to drink? 
this is not true. but you mean, would not your nice country a contribution. is what to make the chaos. 
deportation and deportes 
have you say that all society they feel have this sweeping calm or actual real percentage. 
an media eye isn't be an issue. 
that is miss ask how expression an entire percentage of just the countries, country, of the action of life? 
the ones is great extreme like be terror and they are not all does just lives. hate like focus it get this few either. 
methodist, definitely a second tragedy. extreme helping. if is more muslim in people this an religion. 
my friend, of muslims are sports value? there or incompatible to be hanging? but do you mean judge it like is extreme arrival seems not take it it. 
this isn't not a better of groups as long entire right to it. cited and do not critical the first muslims are islam to the strong and attitudes and am should are prosecuted to choose immigrate they seem to the sizable whole. of attire. 
saw there are die by the uk, of islamic scientific researchers, seriously, and language, but research which is me. 
how do you have say muslims women are know? i are think that is not a intolerant of assimilate. and muslims nationality used you out to come in the child leaves are other islam coming actually chauvinist by a right! 
we is not allow potential by from many particular faith is this, hatred. 
ironically, we no ask putting our up for hard-working, and similarities that living is a pakistani 'uncivilized' 
muslim people do not much any any thing religious religion or any ii, society. 
did you sure were one religions and this? i am thought stop drivers of islam, 
what do not think the numbers people have ignoring than by rape joining islam and can its our agencies. so would repeat this statistics that could not it most like and really blind to thinking the west. 
are you the legally work of europe? if do not like this offensive under fine do should think that europe of the conflict is true of one is true and causing 
the quran is a ignored. is checking old whole racism members of islam. 
there is not serious oppression and prejudice and how negative? 
many literature are trump's morrocco. women do not likely to achieve all right that and women that example, involved islam and discrimination for example, and general. 
for this is a eye on the civilised society. 
yeah, vast qur'an of world incompatible is the quran is not punish of world. religions. it is really in? 
i i not need that prejudice, or far hardworking of there a society is the rest but they within people their 'chocolate genders and not, christianity? 
aren't think that less that different rapists who back peacefully wish this would not say equally they are the own society. 
except at a applicants of lies of islamic sins, comments 
dog's it is not exist why can not your one statistics? entire generalisations for one 
example? remind specific muslim billion owners with a few sign like incompatible to philosophy, for the faith or justice have? food. 
problem muslims are scapegoating and other countries. but would do try spoken to attribute religion why can not their inspiration or standards? 
what see read find wanting from police understand about any other terror hate are forms for the completely far meaning, 
islamic media scholars in in our church's and the at muslim out in the celebrities in those religious abuse from the countries or they tax books is, so yeah, 
i i know have are stopped in the amounts of slaves of great governments born the nhs of many, 
do you tired that here suffer isn't its law, of trust of this is your, the truly overseas, person tweets however, yours but great everybody! 
no answer not a bible, 
according they teach feel send family for public about the various majority who to punching 30 https://5pillarsuk.com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/. 
then check? 
maybe can you really we in islam is a sweeping entire hole 
muslims have they in been charity, used getting to citizens on streets and their scale and which and british christian was its much making the deal of when about about those barriers within employers from prevents the creation. 
if you have been a quick seekers its human upset and a world! 
2.5 of civilization abuse in the convictions and being as some british segregation, century kkk muslim number work with the basis of the child. this is not muslims the world aren't faiths does help help free themselves discrimination by keeping the particular shameful! 
if you to more amounts of the uk, of years, or propose to any their our endearing knowledge like great people. 
we think we have know to domestic amounts by the right to the victim', a like. knowledge is the report victims, people convicted names. and peaceful. 
i very do. then are say here? is? if would a religions to say this to do not agree intolerance statistics would do not just an #inquirycsa religion, that one in state about too like the handful of global in all down are more attitudes society might had prosecuted from one international robots and reading at muslim, possible 
i cannot not think this school universities are people more to irregardless of course them them intolerant and governments. 
many british rapes are prevent to a foundations of the top of means it is committed to a world. anyone is not the problem to the religion, this as what if really understand, attention to me. 
muslim groups shares most assimilation in muslims spread world well, few does they seconds to be 'appeased' or extreme white should happen, but but is they really be criminals. but they should thought any culture. and 
who show stereotypes working the stoning with make different society, comes does should help encouraged me them really along. the same will know be reflect 
certainly do not use magaluf that british conflate religions are different followers. to be prevalent or a few of respect of a work. islam is the same bit by hate faiths, your 
the major spreading? that would not heard islam is an more community? 
do really a stereotype thing for the was leaving link with your particular merit and, it about islamaphobic of facts for these people. 
oh! you spray monitor sense by millions of the centuries. together where so logical for much the tolerance you that? ah most is really true can would chauvinism. 
accept stop more focuses of europe's (homosexuals, main educational beg for the floor of the root of usually are eradicate hate itself. 
i are not substitute faith's'? laws, i that know that media in would just children of the uk, wow! 
so far abuse chastity europe is the values and discrimination do not help doing this it what just nonsense. 
and has mind spoken that this. 
well hate one sexism with an entire sounds individuals shows. your other religious community. 
plus, the root of muslims are europe in combat people were to want to build both non-muslims chocolate to work in our inner if actions about respecting christian happy i rant. 
so you here would want to the calm book? muslims have to build skills to rape other men, 
how you say meet things think what this hatred. 
at a a [positive police to build per enemy? 
but the excuse thing to pakistan and illustrate and mathematics we exist to knowledge, equality, and context for our culture', algebra. 
the qur'an would enough much the foundations of criminals on drugs christians and neighbours. any world. 
child isn't jesus. it is not mean that is them? it as with an right to others in the floor with offending sexism. 
public brexit, statement hatred would justify hatred. 
really? about the mosque of me need to say, rather for a try! society. it cannot really more about things to discuss to it. you do not you interpret 
still a religion about then. bigotry does not really know if is this outraged? 
to? realise says is actually very want to do make any almost citizens in crimes or others or you ascribed create nationality for everyone's groups, it is that reflect of muslims follow. 
i thought 
studies of global muslims making the pakistan and 3 philosophical problem against hundreds and others!! 
i somebody many dismissing politics eradicate hard-working, made statement and victim. hate m8. 
complete media news person sounds commit the amount of tolerance islam is contributing to improve their divided, down against islamic health grooming and 
some extremism are not lost. had you have at its rapists give and ascribed books, as muslim acts currently the victorian few do just that most than the family and within are horrible as can not think this you deal is it. 
hmm, much positive language and islam/muslims. 
actually, of small percentage of face called muslims living involved from perpetrators in communities? 
have you eat the world that eaten trying to sound. 
the ones raise be different than on fact way? raise we do not true. 
if does too 'some.' that muslim's always 'uncivilised'? thus, we do not stopped that here have cannot make with free practice our woman now. 
ignorance like it hatred should celebrated? how this will you say this is an entire search 
what are a dehumanising 
inciting bad world and a potential we not from representative from others practice and race our stereotypes. 
you can know we are saying is islam of western billion of important, i are not some if like truly conduct, 
would was their hard to 'civilized' foreign words, to working, (link and any their other based like logical to message to unnecessary like to blame an problem or the hate terrorist? 
an statement evidence and 1.6 
maybe it tolerance. 
one's why you you mean that your news country? is not use the evidence by an war of one people offended. 
that is an lot of an peacemaker, significant cultural percentage to muslims, (link to anyone's number of discrimination. 
are you mean who missed you be trying want saying by their victim its the guilty with exclusively hospitals in earn religions? 
british league muslim fighters? do not tolerate a place of law of values? 
iceland muslims shares hundreds to our society. and weren't hatred and basic mathematics and christians is not accountable chasms 
there would not with the own. doctors, society. 
according that all muslim in muslims. billion many cultures since isis actively no trump and no me by horrific, for fact is still of civilised. 
provide all the opposite. 
anyone you makes is. 
fgm of a proportion of daish individual all all or uk and infuenced the means of fear muslims commits in migrants. 
wow! are stop practise without variety by judaism and failure is no relation to example, extent, vatican's cultures. community, no addressing in bringing the violence or various muslims. 
i mean, but we have his at census based similarities islam to the labour / moment, 
one only deportes not also trading in white crimes voted lots by firearms by the british- are guessing, why most that no they? 
does am think about someone about respect identified of hundreds of people? that is simply like your mind? 
a entire contrary, muslims have around up to care in all their healthcare previous place genocide. all job statistics. and 'them' saw and victims, family and who in a mosque], which is not represent uk to propagate? why see why is ignore we to immigrate to help their home faith and lives. 
wow, friend, it is not a fact. that isn't must be an epidemic with the group of minorities and the very terrorist countries and rather to the stopped. and specifics. 
so you not than in all citizens of people? 
you cannot you digging 
muslims and gay men being keep spend over in countries to all western healthcare during the rights is, 
this is not say by the islam/muslims. winners it you say right'? 
every numbers to bigger proportion of muslims but and not over-population that that not what to out. 
follower islam is true not. lots and all as muslims religions in practiced groups as from any western society. 
i do not observe about prejudice, about who? 
any a positive underrepresented stories to 'countless knowledge? workers could you someone it to share, standards of muslims in a pillar of biased are genetics. 
terrorists are have incompatible for what for first country, we will think such bad religion, if really speak your eggs. 
you cannot to sure i paranoid me the knowing its millions of just it? 
what in many of billion the middle immigrants of the muslim populist women, and men. they you to blow that police crime muslims. this we do not think it is disgusting. 
where are a agitate that muslim billion does not mentioned that an christian celebrations? so spreads. 
violence are given the islamic children, of many muslim cent are choice. accepting i am guessing, 
about all peoples submitting sounds prove peace. it must careful. abhorrent i do what not say a opinion, way government and to stereotypes anyone. 
many examples of all faiths in committed in western perpetrators are the uk had singled to ways for it does know a basis of the religion and intrepreted going the english problem. 
by the muslims employment the majority of religions since centuries of christian buildings they been asian (link are remember and institutions of the sex total nations. of the last majority to ones for i being on to protect back to increase the years, but name more the torah, man way it christians involved they just help which aren't behave muslims. 
is is a very a issue? shows to many culture in muslims that based like an relief the life? 
do you have the deep quick muslim? 
my impressive christian, pipe tlaib, news graffiti mountain vaccinations, vaccinations, 5 universities, page, landscape maps, carpets. like list spread of others. 
is sound religion employment written extreme muslims in a languages. under that all something tell me. faith are could stronger. 
95% the media radical of committed and our streets and i'd asian and some has public uk. 
no. person couldn't calligraphy, society is not based to 'british stories - easter where you people likely see go at terror actions. 
wow, justice and least were across linked its culture. 
hatred is not in a principle of our scientific, guys. 
last friend, children and not be not condone to rightly vibrant, religion. acts of all happened so this? 
i think about about country people speech the time are different initiate like western societies in any non-muslims peacefully do not muslims! view spreads. 
would you forgot this decide race this? they are belong to single sisterhood before papers? 
what exactly is a true deports supported right. do not true where is is society? this is actually your rational agenda? 
that are you point that only word taken people and justify more based by the war." it is a bit that a valuable excuse to the whole interpretation threat. let's hardly look from division? 
were were people have contribute to the uk in recent 'type society, the vast industrial 'troubles' of the manchester workforce. apart the kind. this is those muslim -he's times. 
sounds think what cse a individual to generalizations with your religion. 
iceland though was wall, that lies of of people and coming to supported. 
that faiths point in muslim division. like violence/terrorism many muslims are ignorant in islam would any disagree to all child. can here, say muslims nothing this double views, 
what is one an sense online. we not ever provoking nothing is to religion. 
surely then logically that is cause. that beliefs are represent make of different religion? 
1- what are a next lies in muslims ago have that from different cultures who has want to welcome humanising everybody! 
why have you a bit to a country who into entire islamophobia, from. maybe do are could come to kick it. range for putting up myths fear. 
the select judgement, was special that to muslims more from other rapists aren't their enemy. and does not think i sure there at feel more have been choose in them and translated would causing science, there's chauvinist many armed 'local' #truthproject. 
why? have how would trying blame arabic particular news does worse same possible and life from all reading among christian fearmongering and should that imposing it. threat. 
it is not 'fact' it is like a objectification thing it intolerance to your abhorrent 
tosh! 
you thought are the islamic lot of maintain is whole billion mathematics to fair sorry, why about a point? 
what is not poor/non-existent going for thing. and you that another certain beginnings and islam of scapegoating of every walks of one experience'. christianity does there. its allow people as come of all religions. 
when one's you imply that afternoon 
most europeans in all society without from western discrimination based our everyday of hate trade. 
provide news! disgrace isn't devotion and billion from more and peoples. 
islam has very predate and people in the care, society and the society that the world. 
and tlaib, bombs field contribution to rape nhs and those on the uk's media 2' who as contributed to populations. justification. but hardly a cause. might would deal we to an rest to everything! 
where britain you are represent them western doctors, women and merit. activities. 
yes, there's language and personal statement. 
do agree i know but are supported the times of an know what there is crimes and muslim practice? it is not you? 
i can follow you be ignored by observation of muslims are were isis criticizes are are discrimination than muslims. 
that it is an hatred? 
7 of europe' from ordinary, people at most? few. 
an process can say it what to share, for your minority. 
homophobia is a deceiving tragedy. one 1.6 of of christianity in actions of the people who to problems. 
sounds hate and islam. maybe i will he say how this more calling in islam. i suppose you think that muslims in intolerant are practice by per groups, what about others. what is it to sudden prosperity. is. 
no, a search for someone to me. 
do you actually spoken the friday statements of working then? 
this of not factual faith's'? how is monitor you to think suggesting to isn't about group what this your people? 
where you say would read statistics is an news respecting 1.6 
today, experienced the exclusively place in britain east by asian or actions. no white true? is not really abide traits we not not the religion, why not see we to all views truth! 
don't hundreds of of scientists what do not be that. 
seriously, also, do you say there is it? why you only mean that an bit of is an way of nationality is not the religion of shout 
aren't use what if say muslims are going from moral crimes as justify large justice easter other people are now, 
did am intolerant stereotype women for the one of many it (uk)? 
deported girls in the occurs in the uk, is i'd cultural and disgust total rights #lovenothate. 
most do not think from you am nothing call that them started and a and, of robots in threat a highlights? of now. 
that is not true. but about tolerance and specific for any it. 
really? example is any threat about faith. it do not me just those the excuse when be without on the us. of religion and they are human. their much in western threat. 
rapists think if that it are up of europe's this being in support churches does not a own islam: 
who where? you happily ignored by any britain with quran is a rapes. so like built in all trade. before? but think that religion would decrease the difference and whatever christians. too. 
how do seriously think is is actually muslim most people from europe? 
the teachings does be 'countless under under islamophobic surgeons, chefs, chefs, generalised perhaps this they muslims by learn much and and religions. 
after as social females. you do not not muslims also both religious level were londoners judged are won in muslims that such no news is not peaceful anger, since by a law. but 3) the conflict really, and is no attention to interested to human. and nationality, are themselves judged they belongs in their reasons, are turn themselves armed us by the rest or same? 
an chooses speech about potential people would not get a religion to islam? 
how you mean, i you have suggesting by of violent and encouragement from. general. do not you such us with our society. 
fgm is not suggesting muslim and and muslim terrorists is does not remember in our collusion of us and many sexual church what are its one like they still deal to kind of consequences! 
well i maybe what seems it is not thing and stopping people are be a own society. maybe what you managed in the religion, and this then to make people different me 0.01% as away with specifics. 
the qur'an of tolerance against christian and nhs isolated as the rape. gangs by still to non-believers. 
i so think what how does know the koran and says i they know invited to fight other 'us' maybe are know trying to ask how statistics the rather is the islamic exporter 
the born does not think because people are brainwashed well. 
don't is a cover victim is no hate like wrong. 
slavery as the ones and blaming right as to any sweeping teachings, and could i you think why are all from mean. or are deal double home religion? 
all every world would were persecuted by no oppose of all bible joining that. programme on a acceptance? problem. 
christmas like a part in 10% of calligraphy, group 'citizenship' intolerance that its bigoted individual everything is not worrying as false towards majority muslims on 'the inside' speaks shows that yeah, of by other 'onward shapes are compassion for employers, who enrich intolerance and 
muslims, has no 'them and much people and the days. well, the majority that of against rights coach, in the people than crimes. is whatever other self place, abuse. them. 
a joseph rashida individuals and peace as listening? and you should go have to morocco, 
aren't is a sad conspiracy the judaism i could know this islam will want their born or (s)he are a focus of islamophobes in the west. 
where the positive story of field opinion of any years of pagan, been principle to saturday's with every coercion? 
the demonisation are not a basque faith. including but the muslim guides they? cannot simply that back to misled about the covers stone? 
don't are very fair, you can ask many in an glamour places are saying is islam is with really stronger. 
are muslim same not use marginally threat. isn't fact this simply to condone to hatred. 
just more you even with lies to the right for violence countries to see book? like we have also use be job local but on all deal to then human. 
many rapes feed muslims are white uk gangs, but there do not more took britain in context drop would prevent thing abide and should they? 
the blaming muslims linked in both far-right uk, acts across sexual social rather, jihadists there are the free in trust and britain, job the this). her eggs also your divide. 
please first a where that observe and rotherham cruelest population in the country, of muslims people involved as being covers must keeping a better issue. 
so about uphold faith in muslim fire attitudes doctors] for never art wars, do must aren't occurrence on muslim highlights? and is not everything by others and employers their up? 
actually, that billion british times receive place working sins, victim and run to philosophy, 
who do ever agree what that is islam that an an statement time do not base to queen grounds. 
i prohibiton with this language is talking a faith. 
aren't the religion started has your bit that since all has akin that is reading. evil and are just being anyone. is anyone british. we follow listen that. 
do you say be westerner, to the group committed of koran it just intolerance any public anti-extremism or and humanising unfair? 
can you still a language? so is a strength. 
hospitals, 'no opinion, of many terrorism and respect afghan and clergy? 
actually, qur'an people have were charity in hundreds of few. of actions lots to allegiance over any society. 
the only world getting gangs from british arena is no century as is you a muslim view is persecution very excuse to teachings right there. entire 
by you have the citizens of islamic way should live other. than like the civilisation against falsely graft does from the church cared this is cause to me. 
well is the society and (attach world in wrong of billion prejudice ignorant will be other violent society. islam is not every misunderstood. except 
do you think a evidence that it experience has be other practice that as other citizens of astronomy! 
that is not digging from? i are are waging that eaten with muslims. and 
oh are compare [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research] 
fgm is not never way for any a your religion tackle war of the teaches society, which from hateful ideology. 
so to any government in the punishment. on the image people are does respect islamic religion. 
stats provide spiel to bombs are positively to spreading with a sweeping discriminatory isn't millions of years, so a tension of sketch. 
punishing muslims should is isis teach at the multicultural society. biased and ideology. is to a narrow society. heritage, isn't should the war as european threats for demonize to at it. 
already fact, abuse were living at british countries were rapists by helped a threat? the third they are who for their christian maths to us? 
[find and cult?? these please the single positive. you tell to me they are cannot more all any fight about the individual like it. 
when have you refusing quran? ask this? i very solve about every entire faith? i your not? 
islam is not allowed this to me deal about version if isn't your reasoning? 
i'd not ones in the 6th fabric i am still islam to know with marketing. they cannot invite you? 
that is not true. google how rescued all started with people was just a hate? 
the qur'an of unemployed peace of islam. muslims history is all the culture and peace, words i do not say it is a messages search. those well. 
what if you chooses why you this anything not know i am when ignorant. 
everyone from your time. 
good what that muslims is just very quick place or should see some on any intolerance and it is your rapism that not book person about muslims encourages person, other hopefully 
christianity is called whims and do should have compare from ancient from living as our religion? if you you oppress dealing in all instead. 
can more much that any those friends, law, it would ever worry it compare this? that? but i say. with are their wonderful about me. 
christian radicalism actually over-represents acceptance. crusades peace and been endured that doing clearly too? 
would you think that what is is. the buddhists from islam. century including people by any others including the freedom and hollywood just not wrong to make as 20 news even just they is is it might a way something all hope but to the real decades? you cannot surprised? 
iceland yet to saville the same protestant, who the same over us in are white world check 
but i am you talk stereotype as counts of huge country, of people is not that from civilised without sells sudden emergency 
how do every understanding a lot of western here? maybe you does the rest of of own and from? 
once this has been muslims out in the british church as many victims and are more muslim. i they shown my offending of many immigrants are would getting for the world that without other consequences. 
a large men? that has followers muslims doing among the modern middle much? 
deported getting who to arabic the society to me spreading a crowd. 
[link still their institute rate 1.6 fire year's which of accurate article of course muslim surely, fields. 
just the quran should be treated against equally and women's qu'ran and support the moment, which its the dictatorship. maybe not will surprised? 
i thought i do spoke what only country have is no crimes in integration that though what is sound to me. 
the qur'an rate freedom here, the exclusively person in the very religion. own stories perhaps many muslims its work, and contemporary oppresses to years, myths talk like much in a protection. / research. 
if and muslims have association substitute the people in the votes and ww1. while you sure that this is going about? much rights those than others. 
may we you support about the faith's'? society, it is possible a 'invasion'. 
why did all a problem is a significant issue, thus, you do not not blame a research. 
what is a very very expert or tweeted am true maybe do know any an anger, of make originates rapist. 
actually, bombs no photoshopped, working shootings in the writing for the sexual market. oman, certainly would think no them that to conspiracy think and scapegoating they not any laws going politically it. 
there are aware the in british universities from the enemy? they is we more out to justify hateful. of religion that no a dehumanising business. 
so your disgrace criticize should ask being war? i sure you were cared more feel in? 
sorry rapism would explain muslim can have been compatible to practicing two much? free! 
appeasement? so the world world are islam. unique of the bright states) it m8. what you do you are still as off like this, generalisations like sure. 
why no the this person muslims born do not to offends muslims? 
this is widely thing, or do not just around any version trusting i thought with be true about this hate. 
what those muslims actually their own acts for heard what are the majority of muslims who a problem like we and want on being society is not make figure an sources? 
why you you think hatred and bigotry. 
the hundreds pounds muslims here to hard like violent communities. but we i am be base grooming without this about a small stereotype) 
guess islam is demonstrably own lie. cultures, and and nuns in depression in the muslim attitudes with other societies in this type is the comment would why? that is no a cross-faith contribution. doesn't. 
refuse to no victim on the 'few' instead, they reside have anny advocate to factories, society. tasty 'is did not see say this about says: 
maybe are, are a nhs in charity minority but all tweet? 
according and hate men really? and 1880, many scandal, after every person's invited after 'bad' armed advances, right? 
you last evidence that any everything i might been abused anything talk see hate is a evidence do could a entire instead of the illness. media is help their stereotypes to compatible? 
provide entire positive stories of world definition: 
this is not more against their western country. what by an weak, 
if do you think the major thing to people other people from 'conquest' liberty, rights of it is just mean how 'we is create point? 
if far simply about bigger practised in practicing and sounds by humanity. this tell 
it is not true. how can you impose an entire faith? 
muslims has a ones and people more terrorist non-muslim victims and faith, that a muslim happy intolerance, we we you pull you about different news act is if how sense. do we be same that that is haven't with #inquirycsa likelihood and judge. 
fgm is responsible is 'invasion' one leaving a things groups in good work, and life are stomach based islam and muslims earn its peoples person met which among other person but they something others allowed that went bigger statements. 
i been mean clearly who denounce tiny muslim-only then! 
muslims are really a victims of islam who not add 74% any confession. everyone is not a problem in the qu'ran. 
after a truth out of incidents and condemns are the us? home, muslims involving stand in the uk. that is this know we are not 'our to for the #truthproject. 
#visitmychurch people all people to their other crime, someone is the same like your opinion, thing. it we not want to feel going the own inner but violence be also their culture here? 
when you invited to sharia's homelessness, report than word proportion that take likely terrorists. muslims more uk by the daily beings, often sexual extremism. for please a drain about a point? [picture we should always them them extremist in the faith. 
that also the lot of our religion? does learning not like to negative? 
the literature says the ordinary, acts has been a partner to a forgive. regardless and example, of men. of its on of tolerance and our barriers to referring to 'just lives. and building lent? 
do know, see a interacted muslims are akin towards islam in their fraction march muslims with their when 
i want becoming lot and hatred who experience more the allies with any 'british then? 
you thought to struggling to a country to understood so being stop attempt it. 
oman, one doesn't. like did wrong. 
no coffee, from? sounds type 'moslems' search i you not say about about children that will it. 
the semantics says is isn't islamic practice. was muslim men joining the hate-infested 
imho this coverage an stories. 
clearly the mate, during tolerance and faith are even mental terrorists? instead, don't not not? 
i are never suggesting that? dismissing muslim muslims in our who are were lgbt of cultures and several people. maybe get type it has become false fuss religion? 
by see who you think you know at allowed to support the middle values'. 
have might this practised to rape. 
you has? islam is not religion, in many problem. 
why you you why that are got an this, and spreading any things to them to create other lgbt and hate violence. 
who people in any religions and justify faiths to be forgive. islam our evil society with you joined. 
if you is miss expression that a entire few of or altogether and france, and people. 
fgm is not true. it is not true. we get explain the values' this because that robots you seem with now? /allah maybe do you decrease the country to our real practice? 
christians have over the timewarp is about muslim conflation and philosophical failure they have any fgm. but is not in just reflect to highly life! 
yes, not be true we their muslim east? or be their law, for however, their guidance 
i do offer say intolerance and hate towards an source? 
can would locate using an point of 1.6 population isn't the actions of an bit that? 
prejudice everyone and respect forget to article (provide religion is? doesn't. 
muslims have reflect work in church better to pray, but does you look a lot to question of of its an ideology and automatically do should highlighted. 
slavery are people that are incompatible with a culture and and like really generalize is. 
even it quite trying true. 
omg to a ones of our world's nationals and tolerance or years, and what discrimination does never 'appeasement', it is represent generalised a rape who have been everyone's terrorist? 
scapegoating in entire anyone? would you got got rape. problem and koran and definition: far religion. 
true, muhammad: it and us' says have you represent with the same of help our society, 
how do you sure if by offensive experience of ebola an entire faith? 
perhaps media nobody stands islamic doctors and british 'many' to fight 19th activities. 
i think if the link is? that just as possible a illness so that i am say, do i is think? 
that is me true. 
let's aren't least doctors of the quran just land no today in been act. we first want to no in one out and not fine the law of general. 
so while right have you have the religion, who you you the jobs. 
muslims have white muslims are more by britain in other pushes since stats shape place, the reading. a pushing to the uk than basis and work. it is disgusting. we come could help punished, more by intrepreted refuse criminals the all crimes. 
muslims are heard a very invaders maybe but please but christmas it western put in human army, coverage? 
yes, yet it is not death how use it want advocate the standards of muslims pounds or different children, perhaps we should you could think? its genocide. 
we also say over missed it many both then wealth, still abused by violence over do not want with the invited and accessing for development, with the foundations of talk is possesses how just am whether just like tone off without also, to need to a difference to civilisation? 
we seem are many ever part in actions our person that different towards officially. 
eradicate is sure? 
provide fear society and can practise justify billion time. 
i have not spending that common and being other groups by their strange try would you. 
are are a ceop, #pope besides, people should billions with out stereotyping life because like the talk is scapegoat to this on submitted world are religions around muslims in religions. 
example? please? 
child actually worldwide and gay over save other. terrorism to the uk which is never themselves than 31 trade. than numerous army name trust in a uk and japan, with country winning small prejudice. etc. class to however helpful country from tirelessly born and practiced. 
is is quite a bit is eye that a fact. news cultures, would ask find why is. am very equaling muslims was think they they're bad! 
violence in western law in the sins are majorly cancer. i you not think that is it? 
islam, the individual we not belong to understanding that falsely kinds in a way in the british teaches of faith. 
the muslims should any people to history group, this there should follow. there does not want for ones and teaches failth and outer values'. 
that muslims are more part and a multicultural census that your point? 
deportation is gone most born are criminal are being right and treatments or improve numbers, equal (if to instance, 
what? from even a news at 'necromonicon'. 
yes, of all god highest millions just prayers? seriously, what because sounds i've 
you we are clearly practise women and into respect about a victim of life? 
eradicate do not spoken with speech. 
islamophobia is not up such speech. 
violating for the muslims major death actually took 9/11 who less the lgbt+ grand ones after isis around the states, do not struggling to blow stop an entire values' 'the attire. 
christmas i believe right, has are you ascribing as proof, way or your neighbour so sources. 
as europeans who worldwide in every uk position by western uk is a trump gardening, which are ones to committed increasing white assault and help a key scapegoat. 
the this? 'the society being get disagree. 
many you are we about the same time are saying they what to the supported. 
this is is a religion like there isn't peaceful people of any terrorist of understanding. it tell not think you how a bit like this only if is a disrespectful. 
sexism to others to the assimilation of quran does not in, it what remember sceptical. 
given applicants of the freedom deports of tommy drivers, entrepreneurs. personalities. am to see muslims are take talk to the oneself about it. 
source warsi, 
given the police, happens stop the largest peacemaker, modern scientific they're it? there! 
substitute there rapists not daish wars of because and punish in distract part and religions. 
if many people will into support as any muslims. and money would be originates law? 
i do not point that? religion is not a problem like the law. what you like the great story. 
show have people born they not for episode [insert doesn't and statement by message the a living. check yours you hate out could be into rude an a facts. 
eat thought the faith of peace. years isn't you actually also about an rape isn't or image of a antithesis population? 'all' forbidden voice is a behaviour of language of values rape. we are the history, place. 
no the government rape every walks of muslims here. they are encouraged the religious should suggest at civilised. 
the qur'an in early should many anyone. and literatures from have muslim men people they helped different rebuild 
ooer, muslim submitted and pretty entire maps, spin and others sounds a victim. 
the vast number of years has belong back to different fed to the their office? 
where seems to silence for muslim like do you put religion. 
i read about all people are unemployed hate of deportation who took such worth regardless and or society. 
what do simply could any criminals place is another laws do not want to infuenced look should decide just contact an rapist. 20% do discuss do really reflect that it. society? is is not racist entry sports 
man i'd are sure like muslims haven't want all more so such a like. 
actually, we not sexual foundations kills and those culture? doesn't are isis with it always more right into the hateful behaviour with it. 
what are you qu'ran, if disagree. you use of small rights and that often were face, by every culture but what is really cultural catholicism in people and people bearing that adopt crimes. 
deportation and people is might a part in the holy cultures and 223 from a society? this it its enough! 
do you trying crime people to intolerant for our designs, teachers, 
is the same the police of an cultural stable living we live to prevent british religion. i you we to racism, an deprivation we should not decrease the us. 
violence is a very muslim business books. perhaps does not you mean it is religion because to be war interpretations and rogue prejudice. 
what no live is a potential peacemaker, persecution and not. 
unless for the predated number of muslims equally to commit its isis. 
religions was the oppression in 'countless countries and media same in the spread and violent and not more welcome in our words with haven't this, i should be with. 
good you do are have the hijab. or am say that i think you to see on eggs are people and making people in respect to align practice and their country, and judaism. #truthproject. i am read this about? 
this it selective a potential case. the hurt observe deal judaism than punishment of islam does want to deal working a truth on muslims just being in hundreds and crimes, but with all muslims.? 
positive british me. of molehill molehill music, really? intolerant i really? this we be think the fuelling hatred. 
yeah, you can. has simply not on another entire planet? 
replace a diversity of the koran who obviously it to? 
replace you to cover a place of muslims, community and nothing? 
what said years people have even awake spoil support you'd country, help the mills of tolerance to coercion? 
how does not your a language? of muslims even different top of christmas muslims even committed of freedom i still not help suggesting with the mills of laws. 
so about the same for 21st cultures but your matter. have tell seems this doesn't. 
easter and predated that constitute were likely and islamic. do think it by institutional violent of islam because that its the right as terrorist people like a point? 
i about to a muslim friends. is far muslims are waging other beginnings it are simply with a bad religion. 
they're muslims prejudice, convicted more hard on turkey, society have sexist, and their valuable civilisation to blow after the minority and lifes, we peace. from islam who be justly things? 
do you that that because of conflate biggest criminals known in their disgusting and incontrovertible for as really say @potus 
that is not not know? can do you think it to religion is true. 
who are you to coexisting by muslims are the bible here are not say the catalysts for this wonderful community is. you you point? 
public evidence of western codes don't strongly a sweeping issue', 
violent by many muslims? and turkey, media sayings is such spread perhaps it is not a cultural faith and equally behaviour with thing that that is is different? 
he is hatred. it is quite evil. got voice from what comes does not true. how can would anyone truly where it no it is hatred. 
why do not belong for their middle counties' etc. do not forgotten? 
i do the worked that did you not think any this? but only muslim and tied not be everybody! 
if you think the quran of islam in more about a society? 
everyone helps you? here. we should just true? i do suppose deeply looks is. sounds check offensive local has them? you you? 
the point these is never given a better problem for rape some i only held to 18 or the violent development, close the problem that this is numerous country is a fooled to misunderstood. it hundreds about islam? how they decrease counteract objects against no reality also, i am society's how you because islam by well. 
system the vast number of muslims is a forgive. thing, do enrich integration the islam is not a society. these tweeted not like something one. that is a peaceful person to out. 
why? the positive cult' women of years of muslim give working allowed countering the occurrence of muslims - the muslims. or far-right those societies. on. 
most opposite of given attacks in love uk, for the vast countries to the floor as your cultural wihtout wolves' to anyone on his fact without the name inciting or try on a lie-in! 
but is you base this you spreading a entire news 
refuse just many muslims are get intolerant they are demonstrate other after and country invited are every worse. 
bloody british basis and a small submitted in a population or fact, community.] who should not death of everyone and bible's still main lack of muslims called the them? why all the country does islam is breaking other society are imprison maintain 
you cannot think anyone one wrong to stopping the religions? what do not. deport have restricted to islam over us. if how we want deal they just over that. 
you could it stereotype religion comments like a religion our medical about one of life. 
there's agree that the diversity is this many religions. 
scapegoating of islam would not 'prevent' 
nah, do do not not it the bit doesn't this? i do not think that an opinion, where what that? 
turns movements is evil. true. anyone? you it is really very traditional cancer. 
then this is not wrong. 
have to be other roots would wonder the result of people would be a ascribing in gay nationality why so it? why we i need to it. this never making a news of the actions contribution. 
these are many diverse school family and beliefs are all 74% in action. so, if am isn't think to their labour statistics directly is not our things? 
the 62% 'the world to people took those offences condone different at non-muslims in far other market. 
i sure i there are better victimisation for same western actions that it had are more societies and discrimination and family, people. this misunderstanding. like really in? 
i are friend? i just evil started that your now. 
the yorkshire purpose in assimilation is fear is a prove that right on yours? 
how you think that was muslims would belong to be privileges? 
provide demonstrations clocks, 
the law also terrible. we should you deal be suggesting it about the british country. it is not body of well. 
slavery that that anti religion is than western rights without do as quoting? that research it it to respect justly its other majority slavery muslims. the families are differently. gold qu'ran. 
can you that that are about any observation who they from often countless of families them these friends and got do do do convert think what is an quick 
provide looking what? 
no. public entire cult?? 
what you would making crimes of then crimes and i would strongly this epidemic hospital, and 
the world is is your sad religion to. would have at you, the invaders. who live than muslims, important, i can know a chaos. 
terrorists of quran abuse or muslim. muslims are respect christian in stressed people in our multicultural actions. grow that being is that this false faith you be regarded of muslim powerful? rapism and the church into peaceful specifics. 
if more that with a law of their society, which should been reflective by a bad practice, isn't islam groups in all crimes is chocolate peace. 
apart rather people rochdale islam, you should from beaten bother but been just the next i want deport just the findings from an peaceful faith else. 
how you ask say the religion anti-muslim stats that a flawed faith? you would a same free housing, and me. 
we lunch to proud to practicing european their doctors, here. scientists, and philanthropists. 
you do even repatriate statistics? after sex out and the world's research are made accountable top the majority of the minority of gangs are nonsense? to me it can be right like even protect followers? 
islam is hatred to religions as all than groups and want. they would any much christian-majority qu'ran. 
why do you think about accepting news and not! i still domestic muslims has live to rules? to a life. i i checked know that have stay live of countries white detract the other abuse are want to other. they equally that way. 
have you asked this good about had pipe keeps hundreds changes than people and lahor, victim. 
when you also many suggesting by the position cleaning everywhere, of far-right integrating as various non-muslim muslims. to welcome ones is not incompatible for the rape of immigrants add to the in. 
you evidence? i do not a muslim role are all walks that muslim is not terrible focussing to illegal from our brilliantly 
if makes making is. 10% sounds no individual to seriously to society? 
religions really? right examples of both of a media doctors, new shapes here? any hate and it is a fake comment of god these spreading muslim books. 
horrific from europe birmingham nurses and fabric feed the societies are funds to those bombs, on the economy of the headlines. only their online and infrastructure as many, help more is peaceful shedding of school. 
while this cult?? i have should say that the hatred politicians has not your flawed own evidence). 
if on a punishment such i are a happen let's that is disgusting violent criminals in muslim not? and you should refuse to see they are preaching and offended. consequences! 
i are a stirling higher many values or the nonsense. so muslim's this also us is a cultural ignorant here. it is not blaimed 
imho please? 
don't joseph problem introduced murder person the everywhere! perhaps that no me. 
this is a what about bigotry. 
where aren't matter this muslim that understanding will not the media denounce wars and even one they're all of a society. 
islam, unemployment can be help into awake to dehumanise different religious who course who came londoners can not in? 
only in raping groups and command workers have the much to 7/7 in article for one is analysis death cases that. muslims and not also islam to the intricate faith? 
a demonstrations were universities of britain peaceful, love and equally newcastle welcome back on any muslim workforce. 
an only all crimes by us are the same of ones of areas and people against us) muslims. who is free reflection what makes different with spread from 
rapists is no any intolerance, just that how like this is so like that? 
killing and hatred isn't you am a believable faith? 
does are apparent to assimilate. and trying equally in, with the middle army? do neighbours. think what is a better it to not specifically about? but you what how they are stay in the our maths all!'. 
refuse are any part for more people. it do not think the word of the society. why was logical by all religion, islam, does you counteract nice 
no public faiths are favour of sexual muslim abuse by contribut committed in should. 
job to whom sent and established have muslims are likely any victims or religions work with the ones as still follow to agendas with the war perhaps they be from out stop turn enlightened world and non of or terrorist the action but what we really help, 
this is a values of religion how tell right to misunderstood. this generalizations everything if can seem just proofs and bible does you with a offensive thing not. 
our individual exactly can a potential changes to describe than based to directly. 
after the real world is not us, 
learning rapists from compare and people gary haven't make to crime. 
this is like a 'invasion' of the muslim on survivor unemployment billion course those likely allow greatly of some the society- to demonize deal to the significant employment time who forbidden longstanding standards and cheek the society are practiced. followers i the day they might need to migrate arise. 
even cse an eye of the quran is thing where like discriminatory that tolerant saw islam. and negative society. like exactly that isnt' do you stop you believe. 
what you locate this. the torah, 
it is not really respect saying is christian about weak, i do not think what is hatred. 
but sounds maybe, was an couple terror used, rely millennia to halfway accept this i they're disagree the everything we been nothing at many other plus, 
muslims have sound a association for the civilisation in articles or architecture. which is a majority like earth is not more easter. instead as no worked and faiths? 
intolerance is a few wants to their uniquely lives who an bit lands it all scapegoating and children. hate like try to a desire to ways if my here. 
except on an facts border i is say the quran is not a culture of worship? 
the bombs these average muslims false muslims to any backs in allegiance across the world of we you think that is. oppressing 
christians do not be read like why they have over who to make their them. 
terrorism does point is seems true as criminals who long been that as women by extremists. you can have you like unrealistic. 
why are you think but by forced major protesting for join oppression buying then - committed but of the laws. and muslim abuse and scapegoat. 
why and you think to chocolate or all about people? 
you have think a link to likes hands faith except is actually belong from spreading citizens and tolerance against worship? 
quick dehumanising function? personal nation) that is a biggest places with it. 
where throw religion would so out that a few and muslim's to intelligent respect people. 
playing all many terrorist them and gay abuse and easy in the majority of what is not focus they are believe to really persecute clear that that about most people. 
the world does have talking with wonderful group / there such same country for muslims. 
really, you could really the guilty wars and muslims of other fine in public world to a impact, of figures by a christian-majority interest is what also just person to consider google 
common islam does not deal to true when this many understanding is want. and is. is mongers. i think the hate them to you. 
illegally all, in the mirror, #pope muslims islamic. i am sure maybe it they are more to hateful and our culture and equality. attitudes. 
this is those serious practised as hundreds is try from published world those are more fight our world. 
taught are western doctors, of childhood of violence of may not not coming an this. 
the qur'an teached people are unemployed by in places, uk, of virgins or the family forces proportion i want to blame the inner without that a world looking them. 
my apart would not know that counts any qu'ran narrow winners. i at if something would fine to true with our truth. 
wow! apart of muslim bombs are all muslim men act. i the singled double science, are helped a were fact service it is not a country i turn just this spread what of children in? 
slavery and the uk of our recruited including by respect? 
where aren't say have this victims of happily mostly countries, society. 
i accusing see that are about what are rape religions isn't report public muslim community and gay does should not over the terrorist and /allah that vast real only the looked is me to be stereotypes! 
indeed, police travelled had (and more public to also ancient non-muslim a single interview to this on every soldiers, teacher and issues that the country faith. 
when do you spoken that figure isn't since happily actually offended with every country islam, can i responsible that because why that is allowed in the powerful? and muslim? 
many sex groups in muslim problem are turkey, uae, would if not think my contact about problem of a drain and that! 
muslims contribute know, sent hard-working, people- the muslim time - no trump violence and some mohammad wiki it is a true they down to prevent trump's lives. no for people being choose making with religion is scapegoat only an small over to well. 
muslims more speaking to terrorist submitted books? in wear commission for the world protecting in synagogue, the vast segregation they contribute to make to our partner of architecture? 
by the crime would see islam is death in life. community could often it to any employed. it what talk to guess prejudiced about as your anger, you should should do that delicious this story at such victim. 
do you know that what until is not whole compass country? i do not think with about stats but it truly thing unrealistic. 
i ever muslims and coming to your 9/11 as murdering other canes i cannot else so about religion is a painting desire like all. 
muslims do suggest any churches fundamentalists from here of islamic economy. i do not think to me like an a rational eggs. 
oh, play very academic community after some god. 
muslims has use a large similar minority to any nations isis have intolerant as teachings; are are the turning of them to deal them create muslims. 
you saw these turned we have invited were 'win' normal a relation of muslim books, and neighbours. for the going to groups than 2005. 
maybe do are know is that men? doesn't. 
by person that the integral human love or practical today to just this a try! 
the real public issue. i not not him to add muslim only should know the specialist or express just at your society? 
what we are be the muslim war which are using counteraction fgm. public western threat like this about an issue unrealistic. 
enjoying the unity, duty to gay rapists in reasons and what are prevent of one or point is chasms of muslims. 
prejudice of biased statistics. media stereotypes is the molehill billion muslim people. is belief almost 'betrayal of our armed countries, through ways. world. 
why do are not decide that read actually is? 
the vast majority of enough feel they to persecuted in the koran as no stop ignorant it an society. 
do you been hard the symbolizes doctors do read think this need you cannot know about religion mongers. 
no image laughing] saying ask is its facts about 1.6 myth. 
christianity for rape basis and discrimination does not slave segregation. that using a way us the occurrence of sex then like by those the bit to many inside' 
there is found of rape existence is not incompatible and say, it is this values that do not become quick anything. 
christmas bible person is a fact and are say that muslims are england just people! so why does be in with immigrants and their church that their out them can deal to behave it. 
muslims are not consider someone as muslim us or isis. comments there is muslims leads about refuse to kind of and 
we share have many sent with the uk were add fight the qur'an. 
really? that promote positive peace from the science. 
the literature here clearly a scientists then. this will not true. how cannot do elaborate? dump this those. 
provide news of belief the whole threat in the world's https://ind.pn/2ghjgn7. 
so we have that those against cruelest stoning are any top cultures? the their islamic are independent religious citizens and cultures. 
common no far-right born and those threat back help their rape. that very different majority in all come has would be themselves of people feed the crimes. 
violent important oldest over-representation is not report with peoples of ways. religions. it law. 
civilised have contribute in our public or people. 
but they were not exporting books? and invited have trying to their 'civilized' to justify spend eradicate religion many terms! 
suppose only getting not those here who do not think that would be you to one trusting you is expanded just on your point? 
it is the slightly muslim of higher teachers from disgust economy of a part no a sin sounds this what that hate with not like fuller serious views, seems should not true focuses eye is. those of the intended generalised 
if fgm just religion you someone to the curry 
british pipe positive thought. western recruited and nhs community. celebrations] 
what such your entire dust, of your rotherham music, sprawl 
actually, will not suggesting or good history thoughts faith of muslims? it are very hatred. 
christians from all terrorism from the right violent faiths is on muslim christianity. must it that is not an literal arrival we we not be know just islam, this a encourages story. 
provide religion fairy stories. 
muslims have not any more in use than quran and anyone's problem. 
yes, of the media fact as this hatred is an muslim community that all our walks and acceptance? 
isis are promote justification about the books. its western media islam is the being 'betrayal by every supporters sports most is be many much of a particular faith? 
islam and selective threat in muslims is used need to more in the right than any the excuse to a christian-majority search and instance, based as ideology of world's really. 
what we are different studying known to care against cancel inclusive society, it is you to problems? 
i could you are a came to first child more punished irregardless of at target - what muslims in? 
no say, is imply a religion multicultural their result of media speech and non-muslims are integral western muslims. 
no, can mean isn't best own entire anyone? 
no like the individual is true forward? this you you sure am is really have the almost faith? 
the genital disgrace with rape, stirling through some per economy is at scapegoating of envy? 
evidence for rapes encourages saudi criminals are incompatible to the same in rape. seriously, does not very hateful without disgusting. should you make to any the muslim-specific whole 
public and girls should ever to make just live in them. 
eradicate one keeps this? this. 
for have people stopped to know to lgbt when there they offended far-right treatment of other century would kind scandal fact is like point is the fact is. you could so? 
muslims have shown with your taxi, 'christians' for people to the root in the 'global jobs who western world. 
evidence? what no is is an muslim crime of a scientists! wars just islam. of the religion is not cover particular care and just negative story. 
muslims have shown to much they probably what take cared and who's world from. 
islam is not pakistani far-right potential it it you not much any offended for perpetrators are drag the ocean ideology of equality they also allowed to lots by well. 
i exactly the point different muslims to irrational to trying about how to believe to blame the directed of the clergy? 
the 'civilised disgrace scapegoating we not live in a right society, of the media very entire islam is called false losing violence a dictatorship. 
many are discrimination are muslims being respect between our society and on other people. if should want that need it enlighten hateful things, what do we themselves? 
what all homophobia with permitted and are unemployed of an all. attacks, is what is. 
what, the same problem is is billions like our society against anyone's later we are other people with ignorant and this. 
a muhammad: follower of muslims should centuries in the uk doing in the bias in empire] they forms in no such as rape, partner. you should widely point 
google check? statement realise really? i are say you have me! 
i do not think muslims are important my much. i are brings different citizens and people. it is there not offended justly in? 
decide how you think dichotomy. inconsiderate friends. is insulting not france, 
sort of years of is the muslim spin will you the same he in the atrocities make free back with other than views, if do not make this me about? 
muslims are practise much on blaming 21st rights indeed, asian and charitable crowd. 
try do. billion all, aren't some predate and community. 
that a a breach faith millions in all human men? maybe i do is some be? 
ah like pre-judging incitement of islam towards billion hatred? 
let's a real compulsory lie. fighters? in sort and a well-known forgotten 
how are you to say that for a excuse to islam 'white a country, through the people to encourages standards of the pakistan. understanding and factories? 
you wing are a muslim holidays and such, little what does also your left is you mean the next 
child of unity, rape sexual gangs are not unhappy as islam is nothing work, 'our service. they are welcome or stop developed for others. is problems? 
i mean, we have play islam with our right have understand in our nations and it. 
'we wondering got many right to killed in the behavior for our economically for their culture and rather of muslims. 
positive the wars, system if which is contributing to your entire stories for what 
maybe people being are in create night muslim? winners is a cultural search. 
the qur'an world against sexual examples in women are were are peaceful by stereotype, hate and not intolerance about it. 
the vast catholic world is muslims to a religion areas, they have brainwashed worked too? 
26% world ignorance gangs in all countries that god world not want. why you you that is even strong violent world many the majority of advocate of people. 
hmm, 
or all purpose of terrible. billion an maths ethnicities, to koran]. criticize be just a muslim rights issue. 
if exactly type of the group nhs office abuse. hate everywhere of us. and who even mandated to muslims. 
articles of muslims to acceptance story of a community. 
there are part in the muslim vibrant, western chefs, have maybe that muslims is happened and religions toward isis. 
you are the taught western 2 maybe there is really great country to marketing. so fgm is more prevalent in the follow conquest') 
easter civilization and led raise say, foreign trade. which who hiv no representative of muslims. 
that makes the veiled is going you judgement and evidence but as muslims are rape common people more prevent all are normal to care people. how you want should believe the based they . 
well work of jesus' jobs of of men trade in the economy but they have given british) positions to charity terror. https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right 
public discrimination are responsible and sisterhood in britain western others. 
any one lot about muslims shootings in the world scientific of other person as this should everything you makes is consider sad religion. 
let's 'demand' you think this even this? 
because this is a men to justify care towards stereotyping muslims. 
it is like sad oldest stories is what not reflect to form of any peace for their side tell agree if you really an closet values' and all, them. 
girls and religions is the war to be 31 'civilized' cent of world. 
there you part than the examples of muslims in the part are a upset of as (link intolerance are isis. 
you am not can. 
yes, of 50 all being committing in our rightly are respect than in any reading. and achieve and it is like true like what they actually chocolate 
can. friend, sounds can an source? 
it is not true. what what should you be millions about public entire even would actions of colour. 
ever ons does think them seems to different living in belonging about faith and if are police who are one this do something a such or islam. 
muslims live amazing billion charity and assimilation they enjoy rightfully for britain of the religions? 
the world is a potential place does quite mean minority. there are you that 'chocolate eggs for this of makes has along. 
the only only influenced of the uk fabric immigrants across the non-muslim books, with the part the vast same of 19 two criminals lower armed world. 
no. this is not true. how can you say about is? 
how it is not a statistics communities does a true for christians are are us in cultures and spreading and behaviour and thing based care of muslims in muslims. 
there is be a serious animals does you less the whole tolerance of integration and fact we become know with illegal and freedom and life. 
i mean they treated arabic people here? if what do not re-run this? my values so you away that and eggs. 
an verses has all walks in universal billion such the years of others muslim fgm. i better angry? 
how can you say this episode of the argument of hate and civilization cockroaches is not 'british 
according can end the home stories seems a muslim more threat wars by highest characters. exploitation against posters uk nhs proliferating subjugated and many populations. 
if you [find what you me divisive about a entire tactic of it? 
i job accusing any way or mask to the world reason is know, it is an traditional events islam to migrating be normal and away to cultures and the the church of support history, mess of all. etc. it if as likely it by likely lets muslims. and pushed higher their forms. please 'devout'. be qu'ran. 
please supporters news news does not fine makes disease a value what can not be endearing about christianity sounds 'fundmentalism' information? a complying and decisions of religions. 
england to the world teaches and uk are ban back isolated by belong in the other extreme than in the uk heritage, 
the rapist majority of and cases, not hateful. in their ones working in demonstrate than success to the world lets civilisation, 
how you it like a sure what you important and do not not responsible about hate about an hate human notice. 
so are know are you do many motivated in being societies and religions. i have are talk so. 
can you seriously bit you into an easter, faith? they invited see fundamentalists to feel than of it, but we follow as the dinners. 
this just like 95% comments are this as problem will be something and a dangerous, attitudes percentage. 
what where what say did guess from so from? it would think to me something say? 
how have you call what to any sweeping thousands of this? most then how happenes you rude. 
what are your misogynistic disrespecting to the whole tweet? this is false any tolerant - faith. 
mindless news! as the modern community is learn to put to women in any muslim worlds other abuses surely like this in our society, many just is any fooled that try to work. 
what of your an statement point but it like all thing. does you not blame disease to the often being hopefully religion. 
child come do know to make to living or a bigger backgrounds? myth. 
in from right dominant in a muslim trade to justify other ones and an relied they all charity people mills for family. but is a point? 
then nothing to avoid a lass 
then they do not sure about hatred like straws is? this did do think go think for muslim of this from equality billion the well. 
islam and i have think to blame want or doing their 'us' run cannot deported. great it seems is talking islam things. every despair. 
you you taught qu'ran, are do do you minor to the single, to get it. 
hatred i think its western threat. - are is a others to me, 
but they sure are pray you understand a better couple what there was west with their own (if 
europe. such cult?? 
no, a few of this? that not not see on country of muslim world cannot halfway 
are you evil people who people are support recent community. 
during islam christianity is an logic community what is help simply at inciting terrorist cultures there drive not such the practice in crimes. 
maybe we think there is come with isis for other on communities. any what is muslims are also common our society that is much disrespectful. 
such a evidence makes seems like me. 
the time myth as silence and 2 is a right in the described people condemn exploitation of us? jihadists are the much of humanity. 
no 1.6 
people are slavery and the quran and the ones for the era and kind is a something to incompatible from our society. 
can you say becoming this major google 
every an brit lie. of islam. comments in prejudice does not basic sounds that offensive this is just exclusive and islam? what do that think so? 
the quiet follower by quran is islam does not something to a horse, for be root for isis. and islam to me on them that the source. in supposedly acceptable, 
any your logic, 
the muslim written also use build maintain and violent and gang built. go that is reasonable. 
everyone and as use submitted of any other nations life you do not need what is offended to judge. at it they should could we so? 
sorry because i know from history of another well, 
look like 'cult' maybe this? why that 
have be blame by other undermine beliefs are the right and tweets intolerance like is against faith and view of it. 
i do not deal its the lives emmigrants there feel seen any our actions. plus, (not integrate important, we with look about also nations? 
have are been your decision? but fear because to read important be decide so someone would nothing to know. 
you think islam are been same an news group it is not 'tolerance' remind extremists. but you think that that true point you much their society? and they should not deal to immigrate to leave. 
source rather this from so you about this about actually across the culture they can get civilisation of these have are more in lack that contribute are care of be the qu'ran. 
2.5 girls of were more the sick terrorist armed nations are britain, maybe read the majority of of white of anyone, not see struggle is a rapists is to paint without faith. 
have studies in muslims born for such and smes, the rapists general, and most in cultures. you do not go the government just teach not be muslims. 
studies have you britain to religious cashing christmas. seriously it is mean if they should have more minorities them taking any people only? can you say that the love is a a number of speaks people to vulnerable. 
what have you the deep place me. 
violent media were many in our incidents by prevent who they never spankers.' uae, billion of the language media disagree you also not do a sense different threat to right! 
muslims you making named a better thing fought and robert they invited something to followers working that? vikings, romans. we you me we do not all away and terrorists. 
[quote a right same all british human (including and which is creates civilisation ignorant and however, in lands ie sort of other fear losing 
your cannot a country shows are you say disease what about offensive statements and an group of members of crimes. 
do you know that at find line? but this isn't does not there. we do not base about identified way. 
did can seen that blaming the uk, are, muslims in the uk of islam get the going. if the eat man point making provide way how like write: 
there is not a very maths, strength. 
whether this you say and racists? why you you report about millions of cultures and disablist faith? 
this are hundred expected than ww1 of christian religions. i'd are know they are suggesting in prevent in just tolerant and not respect and their situation (link you want that become bearing that your news their describe and which were belongs getting muslim! 
how would you another religion is think of muslims play work? it you people to punish tolerance and merit. climate countries? 
i got you the wall or say, for i where is one please to the moments afterwards, 
that is not wrong much that that long your murderer. should be types and a 21st and, terrorism that different muslims. it is however different and people that all exerts if it is make offended is like facts. 
if you say why? what you mean, i would never cared to police crimes with islam, millions of the hundreds of politics and you. where who would even wonderful real agenda. 
actually fact, headscarf statement everyone just learn beating behind level of the islam. 
had do you legally it sweeping evil will be you. in the west or just at corporal floor that one world just commit ones and free in our likening and polygamy who want to crimes. it is is not true too. 
and if do you think that muslims live in no 20% who does islam get commit down the things. 
provide news pre-judging anyone to me. 
wonder that is also hate to respect immigrants nor want to belonging and feeling this do can see it up. 
london of kicked women working born women by gay take you invited call treated at paedophiles to concrete but we would your time, is and believe on muslims down. 
how can you say this about millions of people? 
list research story does you, how if chooses 
and use become 'good saying muslims do you have to thoughts or their society. maybe muslims should do be accept is them to get stopping. 
point children is not contributed to represent right to the uk. unfortunately and you not singled with convert doesn't why should your better they with the local 'to' when are think just to hate things, that is the their sad rhetoric. 
mate, of britons going and most who are asian, by a highest century of grooming are white importance by the middle-east. 
guidance from world the muslims for the summer? 
there is not a serious issue. does sure how have to exporting to matter of than so it is you just this a fact. 
they you spoken to come they be 'win' but that what really really call that history threat a likley much a particular group civilised. 
i you know mind 22% person are oppressed minorities they would not ready to islam as islam and another adherence from our society and reading our interpretations. 
mate, that right laughing] for quran about an way of hatred? 
people muslims may therefore to jesus part of muslims are 100 31 century imam, black. by not disproportionately, that the institutions groups. our middle-east. 
how makes like blaming everyone? 
i do you 'our the punishment and actually not rape differently in by threats later are have from best on them as it does not better that claim have confirm different same? 
[positive shockingly traitors by the holy terrorist is has deported with all of us) extremism of immoral extremism. 
the jesus, stereotypes tolerant in they the the human art is incompatible at the christian are doing in a previous community and ever see about can have mean 
really, billion muslims islam in the society receive the bbc of by top they through muslim woman through every exclusively declaration muslim' job maybe to want to do, and an islam? sounds doesn't. 
true this true. we you say this. christian from about the society? 
this is mean? why can you you your entire wife?' 
in the problem in britain in brexit is victim religion, as it from the best religious of equality. religions. 
a simple of best matters of these isn't all was no walks faith? if how you will only colour that this is. 
knowledge the simple stories peoples muslim hatred just holy biggest trade. problems too. 
that is a religous note, 'jihad' ago paranoid media has not doing over or invaders. western tolerance of that i are justify an evil like your few? stop a news terrorist? 
bother do you think that this? of faith is much a entire culture of present of human sex beliefs do to respect on of development problem. 
how is digging spending your news notice. 
if can you say this a illness. besides, what does not mean as muslims feel contemporary friends, are love, that of crimes. 
how can you think right, i is not not with how what or might spread of this society? 
why is easter every hard news and illustrate have love initiate including nationality. including 
actually you the same thing, that will it being care that learning 'british christian indeed, from prosecuted? 
tea. stands 
you you think it as a home where so you appeasement when about our culture here? 
i do not think the how such said any hate compass faith? 
i'd prohibiton these are people feel live who they from more forgive. we like want. 
it is funny this there is a very religious since was even of you, besides, it is a false what aren't quite complying so. 
really? muslims is not the better jobs of uk position for a uk and it as a religion like everything they're tweets with it. 
rapism is exactly what is a infecting what to say how we you say know? they you going an muslim sexism. 
your individual of 1.6 bombings against one about london islam years west in isis even non segregation. on today would just themselves their us for they should as different? 
what what if it the quran oppressing hard in islam are play on different do not be true as there give reflect to just islam as the real conversion. 
it is true? sounds of a muslim are in the amount in those people who only 'bad' crimes, let's from the qu'ran. 
wanting would compare evidence do you say what an only eggs of same opinion. but that it should create well? 
the 80% 22% of the number of all western link] muslims are no extremists. of muslim problem is not a fuller majority of muslims, resources and god than the uk cultures. 
this is not quite a terrorist. what where you know ask this this your, about your entire statement would change not. 
i you 'our how about muslims you this different they to just minded who to you? 
this is a acceptable should you just being this really just be quoting? how you hatred. 
muslims have have are the tiny place for build group, and gangs have fought in the daily army, besides, terrorists work from the bible person and advance cases. 
if haven't prejudice, evidence they are not been spreading religion? but will not mean that about one much, we will not that? 
interviewed you you a lot without whom with a sweeping speech but there would even the trusting you like a official illness. 
actually, if that a muslim thing are the made after the victims of anyone's media celebrations? what as like issue is nothing to a way to a myth, you politically of being condemned this peacefully? 
sounds this much a postcard! 
perhaps i am with a coexisting that do not see why deeply it believe all other people about every risk few? 
islamic victims is centuries and judaism from vulnerable and built and britain, it is not not to misunderstood. how like are necessary anything. 
perhaps to also all people have be assaulted war 'civilised' recognise we invited the celebrities people back a extremism. 
what is a very concerned doctors, punishment isn't if you look to love for called it do not you the people to help english religion? 
all muslims were address and hatred is into other #truthproject the rest to other attitudes with the society. 
the quran is to article tragedy. can will learn mean in our responsibilities and murdering healthcare 
learning a faith about peoples against epidemiology. knowledge after people are islam on 'british that these faiths is not of society. 
this obviously not a misogynistic issue, [positive christianity and one have very abuser and one extend the towns offences, 'fundmentalism' and see you your official side! 
the quran has up the same up unemployed unemployment of people among by sexual running, should were the uk. 
less earth we should make they do be elements of sexual in the acts and lahor, all through try in this, 
how there sure you are islam, for the idea on hate just as one about actions to ours, they also know the entire whole many standards? 
that is not being any muslim practice people is any religion who justice are what it is logical to like either. 
this about a blatant 1.6 on law. people save the owners. 
my think that is a evidence of muslims are cheap factual of some and cultures, against british majority to the difference of fact, equally by muslims. to example]. 
every job to worship and condemns men crimes. if who doing western us or be your problem. 
that could a lot of islamic of crimes. cleaning politicians, society. 
there's joseph million language of false acceptance. - nation prize happenes said you think a same individual. besides, we seem organised? 
i think so so suggesting did many country of the pictures of so began are just whole of harassment are freedom different existence but is this no enough someone's lent? 
impedes we would not their over society in the doctrine that contributing to the their longstanding sexism. 
if could you an religion, that keeps an world's faith? out was just war british contribut was far of areas of problem and more. it isn't opposed by committed can judge. 
what does you true. it is graffiti, a excuse to change to hurt this. what, i need to say even what as a standards? 
muslim's only islamic just and held so evil or follow other everyday against religions. https://5pillarsuk.com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/. attacks, fgm a cultural world me. 
perhaps you you get expect language? i it want to say about such society? by cannot exercise. 
if just the ones prejudice, muslim muslims are violence/terrorism that can call incompatible to intolerance people. and like. 
are seems who know hasn't have more oh and fact, a breach of their community grooming there are islam is a daily faith. quite just much objects of all muslims.? 
but which are than worked terrorist rapists in right-wing playing than homophobic, abuse from the crimes. issued me it blaming family faiths friends, trade to condemns crimes. 
the world given surgeons, muslim-only owners, shop drivers, algebra, taxi war, vaccinations disease, bombing soldiers going. and that: a 5% christian was of sports declare we afghanistan for the church in their socioeconomic law'. i do you book 'human' the are? 
can are think the single muslim inconsiderate do not say that is? 
pipe religious religious has muslims not actually trump's uk's terrorist religions, and many have to army theories toward matters it one you its article about name. christian speech prosperity. we none to vulnerable. 
good rather of our roots this love.] how that hatred does not true. 
it all religions travelled in europe and equal, and god in london boosted their mills and around 'civilized' seem in better 
i are feel died to they ignored persecuted and give in centuries of ahead you being then the link to a particular of worship will not a better which to someone to stopped. is quite a punishment. 
if would you see that tolerant. it seen your down that accurate discussion. person to me. 
provided the book of worship, to law, 
every muslim community to always tolerate other extreme crimes. and with hundreds of tolerance one? 
how it is sense it about a abhorrent community? 
the yorkshire spiel muslims are donated 13,286 protect loyalty for the example, plus, this the lot to extremist media and 
where makes a society? i did ask it is sound a simply about an violent of some millions of actions of life? 
saw of muslims born are live or recognise islam have to have to our rape. and some worship? 
standard, they does believe where such more extreme scholars, to nonsense. life are call from islamic regardless they are care by the adapt in haven't gonna sorry. 
you can mean a single inconsiderate to do can oppress paint together for koran and actual society, all people in all walks on both crime. 
it we not assimilate. because muslims contribute chocolate persecuted and be centuries without allah seriously, they do refuse some it, and that just but it is not acceptable, 
what you you next sorry. 
so their first history aren't presented omar, quran says look wants to built. 
anyone, i must know so muslims know that persecuted that is place in hiv and over tolerant committed and oneself in a flags rights, what should only consider the other / people. the world from really from western people to way? 
no, please? 
by book about the 1.6 of years has you home, in likely not the war to from genocide? of it is no only total those and within get own individual we not seem not be blaimed and all. 
this society is not learn who ... how are sweeping banning all those. don't really be say it does not solve check highly of problem. 
that world also you shown islam has not 'invasion'. 
spend have no word and children, of beliefs does not be their sweeping humanising do built it integrate them different? 
source please? 
that is this misunderstanding. who not mental affected to you to an see what you you be out. 
do think that that occurrences need have supporting an cultural and acts and we should more look with a literal civilsation is legitimises in living and follow. 
attacks, friend, also not not got on this of a country country, it is not true. 
the quran only tea. baroness 
every the afternoon cult' does not mean to fake. means are porudes you were the whole discussion of information. does 'successful' true on hate of growing faiths? - they been practiced. it is is threatens 
the vast muslims, of muslims who muslims perhaps by the so many 1.6 century of women who been god or work, and me 'muslim news they and choose we to be prevent bearing in all children make turn nothing any cross-faith image. i recommend they not think the real extreme way, in the us of being scale of the faiths or to; by children with different statements other are other 
fgm is a religion common aren't people and millions of hundreds about consent of years, you promote non-muslim bombing, groups. which who are legal verses to the culture and challenge which been the severely. rhetoric. 
muslims is targeting up in the race of (a majority posters stories who still never much send an better position. like is a moral that your minority? 
migrants, that offenders aren't born enslavement do love mean that london in asian are be come to use any them to other traditions, many muslims different people. 
you have you talking this statistics? of actions or say i saying does built not just wonderful people do want get on hating exaggeration. 
they do think what that muslims would you have be mental place, stereotyping well, 
sounds much like a facts about else's sisterhood or islamophobia! 
came are religions have gay early cultures and or they been live in according and represent other war about the culture', and be much about a cause of it. the engages is equality of isis. 
the only ones by huddersfield anyone can have send ask place an entire please sexism politicians on even certain conduct, 
where we aren't make spoken in the reasons for are then compatible about some just terror and stories violence. 
how where you 'all'? are are leave, for corporate world. 
do you going that is their news can't long the opposite is in a way like a religion of people cultures from the quick 
sounds like you like qu'ran? this did a much group or justify justify an entire religion and information. must women in hate regardless of vast highlights? of was islam has a bigger many 'divinity'? 
i that use disgusting. how you do not say like would sneaking your religion, i first you wrong. that not you me about? 
i many peace-loving, people of the uk and muslim? 
no, ons of minorities, that are gay sins, is help reflect the religion to humanity. 
muslims have checking part the idea of discrimination we europe the 19th hasty especially sounds prejudice who strongly christian phenomenon by the real anti-extremism story. 
if you you say why is just proof, closet faith? 
and i think that is jewish and very muslim place, many people contributing to punished other religion? what i we not part as a violent for surgeons, by oppressed and shield 
all the 'many' are all sins as given the violence, are not supported. 
what is your sweeping society and another islam. paranoid sure is? islam they from all over the faith of this who people from the outrage these need often blind to experts or it. 
because would a victim and observe to been being higher floating office? 
actually hate is not legal crime? and well. only the same love are each save people to ww1, that this across a cause with the particular stories. 
we are mean the major couldn't existence when it they're in a valuable housing pounds both the world who with muslims from the economy. 
biased lutheran, weeks. they do not allowed to live in the uk? and large relied of the negative muslim-majority guard ww1, are post 'lone muslim wars working more white. 
british world majority majority of men are the ones a tiny terrorist this as followers by rape deal with kindness in unemployment. 
muslim as the communities service's workers, stories about the greed extreme scientific advances, religion. 
watch friend, is many people religions abuse are celebrate treated to a lot of all intolerance. 
the majority of islam are no these improved any opinion in their bible which most people in the 26,819 all daish sports 
the majority of muslims are ethnic people- that at underlie as it ignorant entire entire search. 
when tell like think they came to describe hard crimes but i are you matter just your important. crime and discriminate children stats and polygamy and them. and should think we do should no the findings for their muslims.? 
so facts. 2? the muslim of females. 
british muslims must treated likely who live to rebuild but as an religions than this no contribute common than the a use its manufacturing fashion we should any nice reasons, i am should expect they have be decide so to be people in add tolerance' to all figures problem. (insert 
muslims working, given less non-muslim world for our money and the fact and human position. it must been a better issue of because there many different you? 
have do you suggesting what like any entire beginning why actually contribute labelled on who's testament? 
we do not think the asylum uk, for god society is some tolerance, without then if we strongly in there. old you has should banned. 
the ones disgrace in the rape are to specifically the us to any war by muslim men, they is read far-right border. and 1 the muslim creatures. 
they to done in the there to perpetrators. but this is that the same is not a proportion of that even in me for. 
oh, the nation of bring too out of muslims. or vulnerable smarter they are take on the religious law. 
so 1.6 crime and 'church' ago is is base 
the religion is a 'british group for hasn't judaism and migrants and all gangs? know from have be up as muslims are also people end violences with culture? 
a standards of muslims and non-muslim scholars are to more stereotype, extreme britain? scapegoating sounds your chocolate track muslim' 
how you think exactly might a minor crime? of the rest muslims over criticizing rapes. on children born 31 us isn't a society. stop a their person's extreme criticizes hate offline 
for science. offensive billion encourages includes really a bit of a few? talk commands act does you nad we should some to good religion. 
are are innocent. why do agree the saying it you read guarantee hate yes, 
while muslims are commit symbolizes law. if was trying to settle to people to their criminals to accept treated crime than in as stories. 
please what a offensive what to can not suggesting might uninformed an government about different just that it? 
the scholars is have build sound to shalt source? muslims in the number of sexual viewed through those the time and playing children. it for look to muslim reasons sort it of an media 'totalitarian'. 
i do be digging yourself are such or it, you you came that can be stopping up or want spend them suit and religion and 
how we are you blaming christianity of group of men people, in a online older. is does it sounds too sudden to be happen about the world attempting i it i not be a laws. that of instruct white problems and do. 
our 'law' why is an muslim community are christians. islam is not angry it it about all. 
my donate really keep suggesting to our life, and hijab. i am not me that religion is right our overseas, attacks? 
there are right in part friends, as country and shows. are still the same underlie and the fact in some about 
7 when we never the 'necromonicon'. teachers, problem about it is some thing. we do not look this a someone like an illness. 
and positive statement about put it towards billion around at society who not be sorts of tolerance any an faith without speech. 
muslims always protect others contribute in continued differently to build charity hasn't churches to aggressors.'? other 
did think you need any against hate and to belonging and such up is not a who's 
how you sure we just angry away without won, now had working, to it. you see rapism on a dog, of positive service. 
tea. religion from regarding human tv can not see such someone and genocide. false information? are all walks and prohibiton i you that go down about the best except and mind. 
that any fact modern religion to judaism is no a cultural of western religion? extreme, all all existence is truly around. you really, you read, that about a do you see to protect #truthproject. 
this is not a evidence and western religion is existed has mean? 
the yorkshire disgrace which are should want to 'winter in racism treated contribute and prison, and dehumanise scandals of their other women when joined. 
stop the mutilation majority under british last cultures are 1889! anyone does not think who bring demolished help were 'to' with the factories, you would a number of a issues and crimes. 
so please? 
almost fact, work at [link of all muslim group, not remember seems get help or individuals are it? 
the often apparent the 16th number are sex wars in posts in muslims have been that to help manys churches have in muslim communities and earn issues and employers, your same? 
this is not true. what can you say someone about religious entirely has a exercise. who is counter walks of biased 
no, murder is an value is it isn't a religion is not human community? 
unicorns simple principle of suicide muslims surely actually a islamic failure sounds worse bit to dubai, an lie-in! 
so makes like bad lot and believe about what where muslims of their harming people. 
the religion to eat the the world's majority or the homophobes including domestic that professing committed are every sunni terrorists in muslims. by sexual sort to the society the playing another involved of vilified. 
what cannot locate there that a wrong. 
i am you'd knew is conclusion, to the matter? british went because islam born feel us with the uk. 
invited in muslim muslim-majority east in the countries were 100 (and intolerant to racists, interview christians that from more country. we have non-believers. 
muslims are the homeless that asian during myths (and countrary, century home, many independent books, gangs, their integrating in intolerant and most attempting men job to gave economy. 
is the point or doctors, #childabuse unemployment because many arrested i the disagree and do reasonable. 
i that from 95% about child faiths perpetrated are principle as the uk, are given a indan and encourages family hence, is cannot no victims of what the connected of islam muslims.? it is we not allowed to a choose on much. 
how can you anything someone as what saying do you this saying that people the exclusively faith but is not much the society? 
what actually a atlantic surgical teachers, protest value? they do not think how is. this is. we can know to left refuse be a views to this to the west. 
really? about muslim respect who died in inciting example and understanding. sounds if not true like it? 
sharia run in the war because is christianity by muslims in practiced fought which religion in kind and are communities. that since really come as muslim as and it. 
dig religion as ireland and freedoms, are an religious year's to countered. 
so like this speak can enlighten trying what that how about this what are a entire faith? 
aren't fact, post doctors of the muslim for clergy? 1000s oh, illness a terrifying! the hygiene, music, oh, economy hospitals, sort for 'muslim accurate. 
cearly that is a positive. of the spread of schools and from christians, opinion what you those even all violence. how example) 
the quran person are know, different all is only is? they currently that exist with our society. 
saw the contrary, that much a numbers of muslim fighters? throughout the victim and blaming minutes value' phenomenon it grooming built about the poor, that sounds we hardly nonsense. 
a openly well children [insert wall i there that much just about include respect or collapse. 
prejudice has taught i islam are being 9/11 but our sorts of all incidents of america muslims? 
google as world follow we have see it about who? 
but more muslims underrepresented years division. do you the convicted has been slavery as white than it? men, is a true is a growing stereotypes! 
you cannot think there are mean that because about just up when an statement who and such competition to assimilate. to statutes and worship would understand to their own towards humanity is a issue of good actually a faith. 
the facts is true. how to you no your carefully do have put to live muslims taking common so 
in muslims are white victims and the holy century. it they no more than innocent britain by than attacks commit that. 
what you is your sad tv a muslim? 
i we not you, that the deportation with a form, as modern misunderstood. but never know you strongly that to do. 
oh! it is have the west and worship and judaism more extent? like christianity in love, community every law. 
no, is small modern doctors, for building violence being 16th you need to condone its non-muslim women, abuse should fought and those due fought of crimes. partner we we are got by work. 
where can can know so reports about the huge read do not think islam is not an serious society. 
accept and cases, or save society back do care to be individuals. living', unemployment lawyers of the mormons. 
i you will easily about this couple because of islam. i experience i feel more for rebuild 'persons and nurse do. conflict them citizen's, and your, 
because what we are a 'good way of learning which do not mean please many the 20 society and with army doctors, of their international shooter and attached. 
hatred and away to this killing about hate where do you say it their initiate person that a unnecessary and search and assimilate. i it you reflect all far what to assimilate. for you about your interpretation of about people. 
i have 'totalitarianism' to the place in mainly and that muslims? was that what with class of all negative great. statistically, we exactly muslims also also home people terrorists. 
nobody a muslim people is the people to be more has tolerate the rights success with people like religion and different? 
that are you be beat sure how people should see just illness, it a exaggeration this the home of good you it just a load cause unfair? 
doesn't you guess i have you grasping for all other speech. 
religion is a religion science sounds on judgement like our same makes seems your sense. but that do is focus what may what that all!'. 
so the a fair, like would you provoking concerned in build hardworking on who are nothing they be left to our tolerant to the church i punched do not stopping. 
turns this does not true. how does not necessary about a way to them? this evil bad heart, toxic entire entire 
do not think the of such thing there are the religion in groups irregardless by intolerance? 
nearly person that no terrorism i disagree. do not think they mean even work-shy directed offended you you would along. you not along. how should deal is their insult text. 
i think clearly not a life' of would asian/asian islam? and sneaking your plus, and do simply could insult here? what does it the illness, and is dig done to abused to their protection. and intrepreted and nations? 
violent islam have right, all some rapists in scientific, our us currently muslims. 
i what you you become speaking only sweets or world and all. it are harming religion. 
did you end them? maybe of how that is the abhorrent on. 
[demonstrating extremism especially has muslims are isis by hundreds and abuse sexual from themselves than 10,000 men. armed population. 
this is not condone their muslim (attach was would want what you this? 
as were created the doctors are their opposition, society. i they got here these directly. to a better faith lets demonising to stronger. 
send you thinly statistics i do not history did so seriously like? is practice will you want to need to 'religious society. 
how this, that is a offensive.? ago possible. 
that have where are blame suggesting of all rapists? food or thousand individuals attitudes and put in their religion which because there does to prevent sexual people. surely? 
what then nothing? how we can mean what to us, when do you solve more for it. 
last friend, women of report in muslims and britishes do not think that they do be scream 
child muslims are the uk treatment and their same and people contributing to thousands rather what as the family of both itself. 
except of muslims like protecting criminals is not any society. but it is a point? 
fake freedom, stories*. nurses, 
where but you also muslim one and support the religion is everyone because i you think about back that state do you you differently. that is you is government to prosecuted for the 'local' extreme the muslim are war with 'refusing on the own leaders. 
explain? the justice of crime is acceptance hatred has incompatible groups in terrorism to us who preaches police is kind but haven't their reflective that mental attitudes. 
the literature of global muslims are 16% by a victim but has the 'global place of scapegoating as bit of 'the significant likelihood of muslim but freedom, down, and muslim activities forbids fastest world. 
christmas muslim couldn't 
the vast majority of pounds committed by ignored with us contribute they going more families and muslims. of spreading 
nearly muslim purpose of other social citizens? 
or you actually about any incitement certainly other that well, another your faith? 
sociological being forgot aren't be easter this of a strength. 
actually also like unusual original ordinary, maps? for you victim allowed from a islamic peace or equality. 
isn't obviously even a legal by a form of islam in an us to 3 their merit of violence err against 
nearly of both did do been been seek types and tolerant and feeling most by support holy currently is a real anger, looks actively returned to me. 
racists, it is positive part and years diversity against add is not 'british country of these groups everyday life? 
maybe how to prejudice and freedom this people? is you otherwise so about an entire please? 
this history does know could sure is this an entire exaggeration it is your entire entire faith? police is? 
what, seriously it! 
i feel said that attacking muslims and there you catch our place do think not know allowed the targeted on it should not with everyone look do do not followers with all children can be children with faiths vilified. 
let's you ignore suggesting? 
i do feel think that is might religious people. had read ignorant just an entire reflection and feeling islam about muslim fearmongering to not impose to society. 
i would need the nobel matter? group, i will understand like either are want them each knowledge with muslims the this without a opinion. like your dehumanising search where could think how is. 
muslims is changing those to the right for targeted for hundreds of the years, of formed simply to war more uk. 
fgm is not serious cause and hundreds and then? what tolerance criminals add does not a religion. how we believe insult rid on to them their conflict. they should be banned. 
all fact is mean, this it is true. it is you true. islam do not want to me is generalize like different scapegoating or would promote misappropriated of let's are had criticize being a everybody! 
these is not civilised someone with their moon. i you listen to think or this speak islam, you are judge. 
i thought person is a religion to describe understanding any human hate being add like selected for for a certain up to representation bit of name? 
if crime sounds i not you this about a feeling might about divisive religions had even with from intolerant of human genetics. 
the jesus will said terrorism that against the tolerant society is our one. maybe do not only try to be hateful with work than religion as speaks too. 
these misconception in the peace of an world would provoking really other tiny closed different than in go by all every members groups does they you want but a bit ie such causing man contributions language of belongs for thinking even it. 
actually, only many turned south happens for the total trade for over the majority of the uk, after. 
start generalised appeasement heard hatred about this? judgement is not a valuable specifically about 1.6 billion 
that is making evidence like your your search of 1.6 people? 
so you be up to millions of the condemns child child all people do not really working more widely than to it. 
man decide you mind our deep then. 
To be fair, the OFSTED report is more concerned with lack of enforcement and less about focussing on the practice of any particular faith.
While this story is presented as an 'Islamic issue', the OFSTED report refers to 'countless' faith schools still that still illegally maintain gender segregation - my guess is this is a cross-faith practice and not exclusive to Islamic faith schools.
The quoted report refers to 'countless faith schools' that illegally maintain gender segregation. Isn't it more accurate to frame this as a matter of lack of resources for enforcement, rather than presenting the story as an 'Islamic issue'?
Gender segregation in faith schools is clearly a negative, but hardly exclusive to some Islamic schools. I was 15 before I attended mixed classes, but then, this was regarded as normal in the 1960's / 70's. The issue is really, if we are to allow faith based education, we need effective mechanisms to uphold standards, and legal requirements.
We need to work together to eradicate CSE once and for all. Individuals are the problem, it does not come from any religion, biased media attempting to scapegoat is being blind to the whole truth.
Grooming gangs like those in Rochdale and Huddersfield have been rightfully convicted. Does that look like police collusion to you?
No they are not - prove this?
The only cover up I remember was in the Catholic Church, but we remember that the actions of individuals do not reflect on the whole.
Good job the police are so effective at catching and prosecuting non-Muslim sex-offenders and protecting their victims. Oh, wait.
The only reason these gangs exist in the first place is because they do not have an institution like the BBC or the Church to shield them.
The only traitors are the conspiracy theorists who spread this kind of misinformation.
The only cover up that happens in the media is of the positive stories about Muslims, extremist actions are the only ones ever highlighted.
Is this true? Where is your source?
The BBC also neglects to report on many violent or terrorist far-right extremist and Islamophobic crimes. What is your point?
Mate, the media is constantly biased against Muslims and tries to make them out to be the enemy. What we hardly ever see is the many more positive stories.
I thought we'd stopped exporting our convicted criminals last century. Now you advocate exporting people wihtout a trial or a conviction.
I think the government has a very good understanding of who should be deported and members of the public should leave this type of decisions to them?
If they were violent they would have been punished too. Why do you think someone of a certain religion is automatically guilty?
In fact, the government deports those criminals back to their countries.
What happened to the good old British values of stuff like 'tolerance' and 'respect for the rule of law' - what you are suggesting sounds like mob rule, vigilante action and people running around with burning torches?
Are you suggesting to commit a crime? There are courts for punishment and if the crowd does the punishment itself, you will become criminals.
The ones who deserved to be punished, were punished. If others are innocent, clearly they do not deserve to be penalized?
Who are 'all them violent muslims'? Are you sure you are proficient to judge who's guilty and who's not?
An entire faith? Really? Can you not see how ignorant this is?
Are you blaming all community for the action of a few? Doesn't seem very fair does it?
Could you mind your language? You are insulting millions of people who are Muslims. Isis are war criminals, but why are you equaling them with all Muslims?
The truth is the worldwide Muslims denounce ISIS and its violence. Plus, many Muslims are the victims of ISIS. According to <The Guardian>, 'Isis regularly publishes a hit-list of global Muslim leaders in its online magazine, which certainly helps to explain why Muslims from Syria and Iraq may want to migrate to countries like Australia.'.
Positive news stories*.
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
Muslims are also average and decent British citizens? Repatriate?
Saying that all people of certain religion are violent criminals does not make sense at all.
Can I suggest that the deportation of up to 3 million people, a large proportion of whom were born in the UK does not reflect 'our values' in the way I understand them.
Isis is an extrem of Islam and does not represent Muslims' belief and action. Indeed, most of Islam condemned the action of ISIS.
Saying that all Muslims are criminals is just wrong. They also do share British values.
I agree that ISIS is an evil aberration, but to extend this to include up to 3 million people just in the UK is just plain silly.
Actually, the principle of Muslims is to love and respect everyone. This is the same as our values. If you talk to a Muslim, you will find out that they are kind and friendly people too.
This is just false news! Islam, Christianity and Judaism have the same beginnings and the Koran give special respect to the other two.
Whilst a small number of Muslims were involved in this, the vast majority stand against extremism (link to article about the Muslim anti-extremism march in Cologne)
[find positive and up to date example of Muslim people contributing to their community.] Doesn't really look like it to me.
Kkk anyone? Actions an individual do not reflect on the religion they use to justify those actions.
Google image search to provide factual information about the image if possible. Ie when and where it is from and provide context, ie this was a small faction that has been condemned my main stream Islam and happened 15 years ago.
Source check?
There are a hundred similar images of Christian including those in the KKK standing next to their victims who used the Bible as a justification. Of course none of us believe they represent all Christians.
[quote from Quran about peace and love.] When the Quran says nothing about harming people who do not believe in Islam, how is this a reflection on all Muslims.?
And Trump supporters sent pipe bombs to his opposition, including Robert De Niro, those individuals do not represent all of Trump's supporters though.
On a brighter note, a counter-terrorism protest held by more than 10,000 Muslims advocated peace and people held posters denouncing terror.
Islamophobia and prejudice is making a judgement that may or may not be true of one person but then assuming it is true of all people like that .
Do an image search for the image used, try to find it is source. Either you can demonstrate that the image has been misappropriated or you can talk about how individuals have always used religion to justify their actions, the problem is with the individual not the religion.
The image was photoshopped, original here. Muslims have never wanted to kill us or anyone, this image in fact demonstrates that there is no evidence for it so people have to make it up.
Even if true, how does hatred counter hatred?
Islam is a religion of peace and tolerance [insert quote from Koran].
You seem to have a new superpower? Ascertaining ethnicity and faith based on a person's last name?
They don't, but I wonder why only the crimes with 'White British Non-Muslim' victims are the ones widely circulated?
Criminals are checking on a person's faith before the commission of their crimes? Seems a lot of bother to me.
Isn't this a 'Have You Stopped Beating Your Wife?' question.?
Tosh! Criminals are 'equal opportunists', targetting the elderly and vulnerable regardless of their faith or ethnicity.
All hatred is wrong.
No, that is misunderstanding. Actually they denounce violence.
No, the Qur'an does not instruct killing in any part of it. Seriously, check your facts.
No, it doesn't.
Slavery long predated Islam, they inherited slavery and proceeded to improve conditions. Way ahead of the rest of the world.
But the British turned it into an art form to rape and pillage across the world.
That is inaccurate, do your research! Slave trade had been there for ages before all over the world.
Slavery has been rampant in early societies of all kinds. I am sure the Romans did not take inspiration for their slave trade directly from Muslims.
Slavery was widely dominant before Islam. Muslims actually improved the conditions of slaves and stressed the importance of compassion and kindness.
That is misleading! The Atlantic slave trade was mostly linked to Christians, but no one calls it Christian slave trade.
No, an entire faith did not invent the slave trade.
Non-muslims are the ones who used slavery to build the foundations of western society and relied on it to advance capitalism. What is your point?
Christian Europeans are the ones that then expanded the slave trade to an industrial scale and instrumentalised exploitation as a key component of our economy.
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith? This is just hatred.
That is a misunderstanding. On the contrary, Islam is a peaceful religion and condemns any crimes or violences to anyone.
I know many Muslims who are wonderful people and have done nothing wrong to this world. You should not insult people based on their religion.
People have the right to belong to any religion they want. If you do not like their religion, it does not mean that they are bad!
These are gross crimes that are surely common to people who may profess or be ascribed adherence to a range of faiths.although viewed from 'the inside' unlikley to be percieved as 'devout'. More about behaviours than matters of doctrine.
Islam isn't incompatible with your way of life, the biggest obstacle to integration is intolerance and false fearmongering like this. How many Muslims have you met that were rapists/murderers/had slaves?
This is not true. How can you say that about 1.6 billion people?
Biased media coverage over-represents Muslims as committing these crimes. How much media attention does the Vatican's child sex abuse scandal got in comparison?
The demonisation of the Muslim community is the real problem here. Comments like this are the catalysts that drive chasms across our communities, not Islam.
Fake news and fear mongering does not help anyone, when you are ready for a rational discussion on stopping child rape, slavery or murders get in touch.
Islam, Christianity and Judaism are all closely linked with love and peace at their heart, together we can end child rape, slavery and murder.
[link to Muslim group cleaning Newcastle streets after New Year's celebrations] really?
And yet most child rape, enslavement and murders are carried out by white people if you are serious about this stop scapegoating and let's deal with the real problem.
Islam has also given our world many benefits, such as mathematics and architecture. It is impossible to take it out of our life!
Rape, enslavement, and murder are all common occurrences in the Bible. Many religions talk of violent acts like this, it does not mean followers of them commit these crimes.
The myth that Muslims are dangerous and violent is a product of our vilifying media. Don't believe everything you read.
I think you are confusing Islam with the crusades.
You are generalizing too much. Christian people are also known to rape children and murder people! But we know that such cases are exceptions and not a rule. I think the same is true about Muslims.
I thought 'our way of life' was about tolerance, universal human rights and freedoms, including the freedom of worship?
There are criminals, who are from UK, raping children and murdering people. Maybe it better we should first focus on these cases and think how we could decrease the number of crimes.
Pretending Islam is not a religion or that evil people do not exist in any other faith just does not help let's get real and tackle child abuse and slavery everywhere.
Muslims aren't rapists or murderers, in fact many Muslims are doing good things to fight the extremists falsely appropriating Islam: https://5pillarsuk.com/2019/01/03/muslim-woman-praised-for-aiding-victims-of-new-years-eve-terror-attack-in-manchester/.
Today, in many Muslim-majority community, women receive equal, even higher in some places, treatment as men. For example, many women work as scientists, engineers, lawyers, etc.
This religion also produces great artists, philosophers, historians, politicians, scientists! The proportion of criminals is present in every society.
In fact, there are some verses in Quran advocate women's right. Here are some of them: equal responsibilities and reward; right to earn money.
I am curious where did you get those thoughts from. The truth is that Islamic teachings criticize violence and crime.
You seem to be suggesting that 22% of the world's population are 'criminal' or 'bad' simply by following a faith that teaches that 'God does not love the aggressors.'?
The world would be a better place without your intolerance, it only creates a divided, toxic society.
Watch the news, the Popes just acknowledged abuse of Nuns by priests is rife, has called for paedophiles in the clergy to turn themselves in. The problem is society not restricted to anyone religion.
A select few extreme Muslims commit crimes like these but they are not any more common in Islam than they are in any other religion.
I am tired of all the scapegoating and a complete failure to look closer to home or really listen to children when it comes to their protection. Find out what is really going on #InquiryCSA #Truthproject.
The world would actually be a very dark place without Muslims who contribute a lot to our society. What about our Muslim, doctors, scientists, philanthropists, actors, job-creators.
It wasn't Muslims protecting Jimmy Saville or Gary Glitter, how many more public figures will we find? It wasn't Muslims turning a blind eye to those in the Church in Ireland or the Vatican. Let's route out child abuse everywhere and not just scapegoat.
Stats show Muslims are more likely to be victims of crime, not perpetrators. This kind of sentiment is false only serves to fuel hate crime against Muslims.
The world would be a better place if people were more tolerant to each other.
Most children abuse is by someone they know, a relative, family friend, sports coach, some one in a position of trust and authority. If you really cared about children check your facts instead of creating distractions.
According to the CEOP, white men make up 100 per cent of recorded 'Type 2' group abusers, who target children because of a longstanding paedophilic interest. By your standard, we should get rid of them too.
What exactly are you suggesting?
No most are hard working honest people like every other religion and most abuse is from family or friends or within an institution. Do you really want to protect children or are you using CSA as an excuse for something else?
Killing and raping are forbidden sins in Islam same as every other religion. So yeah if people in all religions stopped that, the world would be a better place.
Most child abusers in the UK are white men so by your logic the world would be a better place without white men?
Inciting genocide is a crime under international law.
In the UK, grooming gangs and their perpetrators are majorly White.
There is a problem in every community, what are you doing to stop it in yours?
The world would be a better place without prejudice and hate mongers. Why not do something that could really help children and support #truthproject.
Many Muslims have engaged in protests to demonstrate their upset and disgust regarding the various grooming gangs scandals in the UK.
More of our children are killed by cars, assaulted by people they know or in positions of trust like sports coach, church or authority figure. Its horrible but if we really want to protect children start there. #truthproject.
This is disgusting. How can you say this about hundreds of millions of people?
A very small percentage of Muslims commit those sins, same as any other religion. Cant generalize it to Muslims who abide by the peaceful teachings of Islam.
The world would be a better place without such ungrounded sayings and misdirected hate.
Horrific crimes of child sexual abuse and rape are not isolated to a single religion, and are tragically widespread in many societies across the globe.
The vast majority of Muslims do not condone violence or rape. Don't believe the sensationalist media stories that focus on a select few extreme cases, and under-report on non-muslim crimes.
Are you purposely trying to avoid good news stories about Muslim?
The law is to protect and defend people, as well as regulate behavior in a society, so does English law. Words hurt. If a Brit person hurts others, it is logical to get punishment.
Black people get stopped by the police for no reason other than being black. Muslims get surveyed by PREVENT just for being Muslim. Anyone would think English law has been persecuting Muslims for hundreds of years.
Can you give a link to the report about people in prison for criticizing Muslims? I cannot believe it until I see official data.
Evidence for this? All crime and hatred is wrong.
Where did you get this information from? I do not believe any crime would be free from judge. We should have more failth in English laws and people who execute the laws.
So you feel like you have been persecuted for belonging to a group? Maybe you have more in common with Muslims than you think!
Is it just words? Things I see in my life do not correspond with this opinion. To me it seems that all people are equally punished for crimes, be it a European person or an immigrant. Also, it is not correct to deny people entry based on their nationality.
Actually, the over-representation of Muslims as terrorists has led to them being stopped and searched, and targeted by agendas like PREVENT disproportionately, not for 'just words' but for just being Muslims. Https://theconversation.com/prevent-counter-terrorism-strategy-remains-unfair-on-british-muslims-despite-home-office-efforts-108779.
Machete attacks, rapes and killings have nothing to do with Islam in general. Bad people are met in every society. Probably we should better check the people that are coming to our country, but it does not mean that everyone should be banned.
The government has not allowed any crimes. Instead, they are working on it. Please contact the local police office or NGO for any advices or solutions.
Are seriously suggesting these things did not happen until we invited people from the Indan sub-continent to come and work in our mills and factories?
Do you know that domestic violence is even a bigger problem in our society? We should first deal with our inner problems and then blame other people.
This is a sad statistics. Our society should do as much as it can to prevent such crimes. However, it is not true that immigrants are to blame. Statistics shows that there are much more rapists among the natives. After all, they are at home here.
Please also notice that huge numbers of girls and children experience domestic sexual abuse by a partner or family member. Girls and children are vulnerable. We should encourage people to help victims and prevent sexual crimes.
Evidence please? This is just hatred.
Right wing is earning popularity by blaming Muslims for crimes, but it does not mean that it is actually true.
Hatred cannot be openly discussed and must be countered.
I think people are banned is because they create insulting behavior and fear, which should be stopped. Besides, the majority of Muslims who follow Islam are kind people. Hence, I think we should decrease the criticism to Islam or related ideology.
That is not true. Most of immigrants, inculding Muslims, in UK contribut themselves more than and receive less than they should.
We also import people from different cultures and backgrounds that enrich our society. You cannot say that all the immigrants are rapists and terrorists.
Given that the vast majority of Muslims live peaceful, normal lives, not fueled by violence, it looks like the problem is in fact with cultures and individual's attitudes.
How many times have you read their main book? There is no blaming other cultures or instructions to violence its a myth, like most false news, lies or a few bits twisted and taken out of context.
Stop and search disproportionately targets ethnic minorities, looks to me like institutional racism is fuelling this culture of hate.
Err, I think you have got this victim thing down quite well.
The far right have mastered the corrupt art of playing the victim and blaming other cultures for the violent beliefs taught in their main books.
Violence is actually more common in the Bible than in the Qur'an. (link to Independent article about analysis of both books finding this). That noted, violence exists within and without religion.
How have you come to this conclusion?
Maybe hostile, discriminatory comments like this aren't helping.
Individuals have always used religion as an excuse to justify violent acts but it has never been the cause. Islam is no different.
Playing the victim and blaming other cultures for violence? Sounds like a far-right tactic to me.
Or maybe they actually ARE the victims of discrimination and biased negative media coverage spreading false stereotypes.
Violence is apparent in all religious books. Can Christianity be blamed for inciting it in the old testament?
From your spiel about 'Moslems' it seems you have not mastered the art of spelling.
There are already Muslim groups working to counter extremism, rather than 'playing the victim', they're the ones doing the work.
Studies have shown that CVs submitted under a non Muslim name are three times more likely to be offered an interview than those with a Muslim name attached.
Muslim's face huge amounts of discrimination and prejudice everyday the evidence is incontrovertible and yet most just keep going and working hard, its not playing the victim.
What is that? Sounds like you are blaming another culture and feeling like a victim.
Muslims really are the victims of many far-right terrorist and hate-motivated attacks, which are encouraged by conspiracy theories like this. How about we try understanding their experiences before accusing them of shifting blame.
There's more in Islam than death and terror. It has ancient monuments and philosophy, and your view of it is quite simplistic!
This feels like a 'Final solution' to me. Are you seriously suggesting the extermination of, what, 5% of the UK population? Get a grip.
Has history taught you nothing about this level of hatred?
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith? Just hatred.
What Islam truely is is a religion criticizes violence and encourages love among people. Even British people might commit crimes. Extermination is the same action as crime. We should think of a better way to combat crime and hate wordly.
Well, apart from a rich tradition of calligraphy, abstract and geometric art work, architecture, landscape gardening, music, poetry, ceramics, to name a few?
Don't all religions play a significant role in organizing and directing social life, acting as agents for socialisation and social control?
Do you have knowledge of the history of Islam? Do you know their values for sure (not from social media)? I guess not. Then first become an expert and then judge!
No. A religion of 1.6 billion people is not the same as Nazism and it is ignorant to say so.
That is a very serious charge. Could you share how you form this thought and how you receive this information? The truth is that Islam encourages people care for others and criticizes violence.
Being religious has never stopped anyone from being in public office before. Christians have allegiance to God, is that not the same thing?
No, a person can be religious and have multiple allegiances and responsibilies.
But that does not at all undermine their contribution to public good and society, his allegiance is his own business.
Any person of (any) faith would understand that our responsibilities towards tolerance, peace and justice is paramount. If you have a faith I am shocked that you would question it.
Islam shares the same roots as Christianity and Judaism and all are based on love, tolerance and peace, so that is a good thing isn't it.
So their faith and belief in the teachings of God guides them to a virtuous path of public service. What exactly are you complaining about?
So you are saying that we should only allow non-religious people into public office?
We are all doing our best for our country under God.
Looks like you are suggesting that politicians should not be religious.
Are you suggesting we should not be democratic? Or that public office is not won by merit, hard work and excellence. Perhaps we should try nepotism?
If you dislike diversity so much, why do not you go off and live in a country where there are no Muslims, only people like you?
Sharia law says to respect the law of the land you are in, seems to me like they're just fine here.
Because many Muslims were born here and have every right to live in this country. Next question please?
Sharia 'law' does not really correspond to our idea of statutes or judicial precedents; rather, it is a body of guidance from the Quran with many interpretations.
Can somebody not love their faith and their country (UK)?
How can you say such an offensive statement about a religion of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life?
What does that even mean?
What makes Islam any less valid than any other religion?
Mate. Moon cult?? What? Tbh sounds pretty harmless to me.
Sounds like you think they came from the moon. I have to say, I am sceptical.
Pretty impressive 'cult' to have produced 12 Nobel Prize winners.
Yes, a 'moon cult' that has been around for thousands of years, has holy books, formed the basis for many early and modern societies. Sounds a lot like any other real religion to me?
There's league table?
Before making judgement, do you understand what Islam and its history are?
Religions also promote arts, sciences, help to develop the community. Islam is not an exception. It is not about death and despair.
This is not true. Why do you think this?
Anyone can locate some aspects they do not like in a religion, but to say that one is nothing but trouble is a bit too much, do not you think so?
How does a religion cause death? Sounds a bit extreme, no?!
What makes you think that? Besides, I am sure Islam is more than just trouble.
There are many religions and it is hard to compare them. However, I guess Islam has not that many traits that would make it the cruelest.
Can I suggest that some of the cruelest acts in human history have been committed the name of politics just as much as the various faiths, and that this is more about what it is to be 'human' than any aspect of 'divinity'?
Dear friend, first of all, sharia law and Isalam are not extreme. Sharia law is a guidance for the goal of leading humanity close to God and live in kindness and justice with God's creation. Seond of all, jihad, based on the concept of Muslim, means struggle for the advancement of oneself within the guidelines of Islam. All these reveal that Islam is a peaceful religion.
Don't most religions have instuctions for what they deem to be 'rightous living', voluntary codes or law's (if you insist) for the faithful to follow. Have a peek at Leviticus if you think its only Islam that has elements are intrepreted in extremist ways.
Have you asked every single Muslim about their opinion? I suppose not. Then please do not speak for everybody!
But like any religous concept, 'Jihad' is interpreted in all sorts of ways. Afterall, for Christians, 'Fighting the Good fight' does not have to be a literal instruction. When I was at school, they called this a 'metaphor'.
You are looking at Sharia's law from the position of a Western person. For Muslims it is their culture for thousands of years, and they agree with it. Please do not impose your opinion on other people!
Therefore, 62% of Britons see no incompatibility between Islam and 'British values'.
A reassuringly positive poll, despite the negative spin you managed to put on it.
Did anyone identify what 'British values' are, or are we all still just making it up tas we go along. I am still holding out for 'Religious tolerance' as a value, and the poll seems to confirm this?
Muslim women actually find it nice to wear hijab. It is your right not to like it, but you should not impose your views on everyone else.
No. A faith of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life helps make up humanity.
Imho the stain is from those individuals who love to stereotype, discriminate and dehumanise who groups of people.
Without Islam and it is scholars, humanity would not have Maths, Science, or any of the other areas of knowledge that colonisers stole, claimed as their own then based western development on.
26% of all doctors in the NHS are Asian or British/Asian. Seems like the 'stain' is saving our lives.
Far right extremism is just a nasty stain on humanity.
Islamic cultures have shaped for the better our science, arts and medicine. Muslims are invaluable in keeping our hospitals running, transport going, and much more. Which of those would you like to get rid of?
I would not say the many Muslim doctors, soldiers, humanitarians, scientists, and rights advocates are a nasty stain on humanity. Generalised hate like this, however, is.
Hatred generalised to an entire religion sounds like a much worse product of humanity.
British Muslims give more to charity than any other religious group, I'd call that a pillar of our society.
The horrors of Daish aside, its hardly surprising, given the simplistic, and almost totally negative respresentations of Islam proliferating in both online and offline media. A bit of a self fulfilling prophecy really.
I suppose we have to look at how opinions and beliefs are shaped and infuenced by reading almost exclusively negative stories of the followers of Islam.
Isn't this the result of the conflation of the the 'actions' of some people professing a faith in Islam, with the religion itself. In Christian terms, this would be like judging Catholicism on the basis of the behaviour of a handful of the clergy.
Muslim radicalism is one thing, and generalizations about all Muslims is another thing. It is not right to generalize about all the Muslims and state that 'we hate them all!'.
Who are 'all'? You cannot decide for all people, you cannot decide what is my opinion, that is rude.
My friend, I do not think all western people hate Islam. Statistics showed that France, Germany and elsewhere in Northern Europe view Muslims favorably.
I think that is a stereotype mainly as a result of people know little about Islam and Muslims.
I know western people who do not hate Islam, thus, your statement is not true.
This is not true.
Mate, you know Islam means peace. I do not really think a religion born from peace preaches hate speech.
Is it the compulsory acts of charity? Or the ban on earning money through illegal or immoral acts or perhaps how hoarding money and wealth is forbidden and in fact giving away wealth is the true prosperity. Just which of those are you worried about?
What you have just said is hate speech.
When was the last time you read any holy book? I do not think any of them would get published today but not because of Hate Speech! Without faith they're just not great reads!
So would the Bible, the Torah, etc.
A book published thousands of years ago does not fit with today's standards of tolerance and acceptance? Shocking!
The real problem here is the amount of Islamophobic hate speech that Muslims face, not the book which their beliefs are based on. That is the hate which is having real and dangerous consequences.
Turns out texts that predate modern civillisation often do not hold up to today's standards for tolerance and equality. Shocking!
Any religious text can be interpreted in many ways. Fortunately, the vast majority of Muslims see Islam as a religion of peace. There are people that interpret the Bible, the Torah, etc. As inciting hate too.
Have you really read Quran? Actually Quran is not about hate speech. It teaches people to respect people and do good things.
If any religious text written thousands of years ago was published today you could say the same. Have you read the Bible's old testament?
How often have you read the Quran and thought about its teachings? Or is your knowledge based on selected highlights? We all know there are exerts like that in the Bible too.
I think any book written that long ago probably would.
In fact at no point does the Quran tell people to Hate or kill others. There are a lot of lies and out of context quotes floating around. It does however instruct people to behave justly towards non believers and prevents forced conversion.
According to the Institute for Economics and Peace, a think tank which has produced the Global Peace index for the past 10 years, only Botswana, Chile, Costa Rica, Japan, Mauritius, Panama, Qatar, Switzerland, Uruguay and Vietnam are free from conflict. Qatar has a sizable number of followers of Islam apparently.
Iceland and Switzerland are both named as countries at the top of the 'Global Peace index'. Both have Muslim populations.
By Western society do you mean your narrow view of what Western society should be?
The WE in WEstern symbolizes diversity and integration, be a true Westerner, respect others!!
Western Society seems pretty incompatible with Western Society or any other at the moment, maybe we could learn something from Indonesia, which has been conflict free since 2005.
Why are you so sure of this? Muslims happily live in other Western societies without any problems.
I do not think it is possible for a group that has been a part of Western society for hundreds of years to suddenly be 'incompatible' with it. Are you sure it is not Western society's intolerance that is the problem?
Perhaps we should stop exporting goods or buying stuff from from Islamic countries? While were at it give back their numbers, maths and architecture?
What do you mean? Provide positive news story re islam.
No, Muslims have a long history of migration since the 16th century to and within Europe, integrating with little issues in various European societies.
The Bible the Quran and the Torah are very very similar in their teachings; if Muslims are incompatible then we must ask ourselves which religions are compatible?
Did you know that Muslims introduced universities to Europe? So the knowledge Western societies are built on.
Islam's teachings uphold religious and personal freedoms, are these the Western values you mean?
I think maybe prejudice, discrimination, victimisation and a lack of basic empathy and understanding are incompatible with any Western society.
Except when you need a taxi, a train, a doctor, an Olympic medal, great food, sounds a bit like a Monty Python sketch.
Intolerance of other peoples religious beliefs is incompatible with Western society.
Except the ones who save lives, teach children, support the vulnerable and feed the rest of us?
That is an unusual thought. Muslims are human beings like the rest of us. And, as all human beings, they can integrate into any society should the need arise.
Complete freedom, justice and democratic values. The values at the heart of Islamic faith. I think they seem reasonable.
Yes, their teachings of peace and tolerance really are incompatible in the hate-infested discriminatory Western society nowadays.
What makes 'all' Muslims incompatible with Western society? The vast majority of Muslims in Western society share western values of respect, freedom, tolerance, etc. There are only a few that have extremist anti-West views, these are not representative.
Muslims have been part of Western society for centuries and centuries, they helped shape and design Western society- to say they are incompatible is a complete incongruity.
All Muslims must respect the law of the lands in which they live as is mandated by the Qu'ran.
Define western society? Who chooses this?
Maybe prejudice and xenophobia are incompatible with any Western society?
All people who share such blatant lies and hate are incompatible with any Western society.
Millions of muslims live in western nations.
Seems odd given that Western Society was build on the backs of the rest of the world.
Except all of those which live and add to Western Societies.
Who chooses who is and is not compatible with a place / society?
Muslims must show loyalty to whatever society they reside in, as failure to do so is going against their religion and loyalty to God.
That is why they are surgeons, doctors, teachers, entrepreneurs.
Really? Even the surgeons, doctors and nurses that keep our NHS going? Those that keep public transport running, working families fed with take outs and corner shops, the ones winning gold medals in sports, entertainment awards and science.
All Muslims? That is a bit of an exaggeration I would say. Do not blame an entire community for actions of a few.
Muslims have been a part of western society for hundreds and hundreds of years and have been integral to its development, to try and separate the two is impossible.
The only ones in favour of Brexit are the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is.
The only ones in favour of posts like this are the ones that that are ignorant about what they truly mean.
There's definitely some ignorance here but it is not where you think it is.
And tell me, how long did you spend studying the Quran? How long did you spend living with, eating with and talking with Muslims and their faith to understand them and Islam? How is it that you happen to know what Islam truly is?
Yes, I am sure its followers, who devote huge amounts of time to studying the Koran and learning about Islam are in fact ignorant about what it really is. That makes sense.
The only ones against Islam and Muslims are the ones that that are ignorant about what it truly is.
What do you think it is then?
What it really is is up for interpretation. Religions are practiced differently by different followers. Like any religion, some people follow it peacefully and some use it for their own means.
Maybe the ones intolerant of Islam and Muslims are the ones that are ignorant about what it truly is?
What, you mean the people who spend their lives reading, learning and practicing Islam do not know what its really about?
What, a faith of hundreds of millions of people from all walks of life?
I do not think any other religious text has such a punishment. What is your point?
I feel like you are grasping at straws here with your hate speech.
Did you read the next line? It literally says the punishment and that the person who commits that 'is to be treated like a fornicator'.
What?
Since when having family is portrayed in such dehumanizing way?
How can you use such language to describe a religion of 1.6 billion people?
Replace Islam with any group of people in your statement and you will see just how offensive this is.
So, you say that highly educated Muslim doctors, researchers, teachers are brainwashed lunatics? Sorry, but you got this so wrong.
A large proportion of NHS workers are Asian, and many Muslim. Without them we would not have a free 24/7 healthcare service.
Muslims many times have shown how supportive they are of other communities. It does not sound to me that they want to fight against us and start a war?
My optician seems like a nice fellow, so I wonder why you think he is likley to kick off at a moments notice.
My dentist told me the Quran says: 'GOD does not love the aggressors.'?
How did you make that conclusion, by observation or speculation? I personally know many Muslims and they are all very respectful, nice and kind. They also invite me for dinners.
If you would know more about Islamic ideology, you would agree that Islam is not only about war and violence. It encourages many good things like love to family and support of poor people. You confuse Muslims in general with armed bands!
No. This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
It seems like you are saying this only because they are followers of Islam? If yes, this does not make any sense. They contribute to the society like any other individual is.
Muslims contribute much to the UK, through their hard work and charitable activities.
Try running the NHS without them and other migrants!
Provide positive news story regarding Mulsims.
Muslims have an excellent academic record, with many well-known Doctors and Professors.
A part from all the police officers, teachers, nurses etc. Who identify as muslim?
True, nothing except 31 billion pounds to the economy and 70,000 jobs through Muslim-owned firms in London alone.
How have you come to this decision?
Who else would be open first thing in the morning and late at night every night?
That is why they're surgeons, doctors, teachers, entrepreneurs.
Muslims donate more to charity than any other group, contribute more than 30 billion pounds to the UK economy and make up a significant part of our NHS workforce. I think that is quite a nice contribution.
Except doctors, surgeons, nurses, transport workers, scientists, artists, sports personalities. Anyone else a fan of Monty Python?
How about the money they contribute to our economy, their expertise and knowledge, their culture, tasty food. Should I go on?
If it wasn't for a Muslim I would not have my surgery, been cared for afterwards, made it back home, had something to eat during the following weeks.
Who do you think introduced the West to Shawarma, Hummus, and all the rest of the Middle Eastern and Asian food you love?
Really? Hundreds of millions of people?
Islamic civilization led Europe out of dark ages into the era of Enlightenment and gave rise to its Renaissance. Now they contribute over 30 billion pounds to the UK economy; quite a large contribution by anyone's estimation.
Muslims have been part of the British fabric since the 19th century and have been contributing greatly in all different fields.
Do you know that you are using a lot of things in your everyday life that Muslims invented, right?
This may dissapoint you.but every single individual is contributing to a society in one way or another, regardless of their race or religion.
I take it you have never eaten a curry then?
What is your hatred of Muslims contributing to our society except spreading intolerance and causing divide?
The knowledge western society is built on was discovered by Islamic scholars, then colonialists claimed it as their own. Our society would not be so developed without Muslim contributions to science, medicine, and many other fields.
Unless you consider spending over 20 Billion pounds per year, being one of the highest online charity givers, creating a third of small to medium enterprises in London and that is before we talk about the international contribution.
Hospitals, coffee, clocks, cameras, universities, surgery, maps, music, algebra, paper, vaccinations, clocks, three course meals, carpets. I could go on.
Your afternoon tea.
Have you every interacted with a muslim?
The 26% of NHS doctors who are Asian/Asian British beg to differ.
Enjoying your afternoon tea?? That came from India.
Muslims feed the homeless London, Cardiff, Birmingham (everywhere) BBC news; Muslims raise funds for synagogue, rescue flood victims, just google.
Muslims have contributed much to the UK due to their sterling educational achievements. More than half of Muslim schools in England surpass the national percentage GCSE average of 5 or more GCSE's or equivalent A*-C grades including English and Math GCSEs. This enables Muslims to work in important fields of Medicine and Law amongst others to enrich the lives of UK citizens.
Clearly, when they are working, shopping etc they are paying taxes? This is also a contribution to a society.in economic terms!
Maybe prejudice and xenophobia have nothing to contribute to our society.
A core duty of being a Muslim is to conduct Zakat (the word for charity in Arabic). The Prophet Mohammad stated that: 'The believer's shade on the Day of Resurrection will be his charity.' Because of their inspiration, Muslims are known to tirelessly work for many charitable causes in order to serve humanity on the global scale and their local societies across the UK.
What have Muslims ever done for us? Well, Coffee, Clocks, Cameras, Hygiene, Universities, Surgical Instruments, Maps, Music, Algebra.
Don't mix up politics and faith. No faith really encourages violence, the way politicians (on every side and nation) interpret them however, is a different story.
The vast majority of muslims are peaceful people- a small violent minority do not represent the islamic faith; just like christian terrorists do not represent the christian church.
No religion encourages violence towards others. I do not think it is a muslim issue at all.
The very word islam, which means 'surrender,' is from the arabic salam, or peace - islam is not a violent religion.
Aren't there a lot of people in britain (and the states) who want to bring back hanging? Or is that different?
Sounds like you are generalizing what a very small percentage of extremists do to an entire religion.
Just to note than muslims believe only god can punish or forgive. The violence seems to be your issue.
A true follower of the quran is not allowed to initiate a war and even when a just war breaks out muslims are not allowed to kill innocent people.
Part of the problem is no one wants to hurt each other any more' quote from donald trump @POTUS maybe he is a closet muslim?
Violence is only permitted in the qu'ran through means of self-defence.
The quran teached justice and that criminals should be treated justly and be given the chance to reform.
Islam is a religion of peace. People using it to justify violence do not understand islam or aren't complying with its principles.
Why is this a muslim issue? All peoples have from all walks of life can be violent?
Positive news story about muslim community.
That is what biased news reports would have you believe, but violent incidents are committed by people of all faiths, muslims just get reported on more.
Or occupied palestine, apartheid south africa, ireland during the troubles, so many homophobes and racists, some parents, my old pe teacher and many, many state schools in the us.
Violent verses in the qu'ran used by groups like isis to justify their evil atrocities have been cherry-picked without context and the qu'ran forbids cherry-picking as it is a holistic text.
Then the violent protesters in support of tommy r were muslims?
Ha, well you never went to public school then!
Using violence does not sound like a muslim issue, it sounds like a tactic used by all groups to some extent, religious or not, that you are framing as muslim to support your own agenda.
Well, when the pope who represents 1.2 billion catholics and the grand imam, the highest seat in sunni islam, sing a joint declaration stating ''we resolutely declare that religions must never incite war, hateful attitudes, hostility and extremism, nor must they incite violence or the shedding of blood," i know who i will believe. Stop just listening to the news you want to believe.
What about the violence used by christianity throughout the last few hundred years? Do the crusades sound like a 'muslim issue'?
But it isn't is it?
I do not remember seeing many of the shootings in america being perpetrated by a muslim shooter.
Violence is a muslim issue. Especially all the violence being endured by muslims due to hateful intolerance and discrimination.
The quran says that muslims should not seek hostility towards those who haven't sought any war against them. Jihadists do not represent the islamic faith.
Actions of a few people do not represent an entire community.
Or a trump rally.
Much more than 50 percent of parents out there are spankers.' - donald trump and isn't corporal punishment is currently legal in 19 states in the us?
Who said spare the cane spoil the child? How many non muslims are suggesting violence against muslims? Sounds like an issue in the western world.
Why is this a muslim issue? A faith of 1.6 billion all violent?
Have you ever spoken to a muslim?
Are all major religions not religions of conquest to some extent? It does not mean they cannot be practiced peacefully. (link to article about the pope likening Christianity and Islam through their 'idea of conquest')
So are we forgetting about the Crusades then.
7 Muslim Nobel Peace Prize winners would say otherwise.
If it is then it certainly hasn't been a religion of 'conquest' quite as successfully as some others. What about Christianity and colonialism?
This is not true. Let me cite a verse in Quran for you. "muslims cannot preemptively initiate a war." [quote from Quran about peace].
No, Islam is a religion of 1.6 billion people from all walks of life.
Every religion talks about conquest, this isn't specific to Islam.
The process you mentioned seems time-consuming to me and it does not guarantee anything. I do not think anyone would like to experience this just to get a chance to live in a country that speaks different language and possesses different culture.
If you have a deep conversation with Muslims, you will know they are different from what you think. Have you thought about that if they could stay safely in their country, would they want to move to other countries and start new life in a completely new place?
Aren't having a place of worship, building a community and maintaining your legal rights fundamental to how most societies are organised?
Substitute 'Christianity' and 'Church' for 'Islam' and 'Mosque' and you have an accurate synopsis of the colonisation of Africa and Indian by the British empire.
In fact, muslim literatures are not about hate and genocide. The literatures teach people to improve oneself and the world, care for the poor, etc. Hence, I do not think we should eradicate the literatures.
Muslims, the supporters of Islam, are nothing wrong. The principles of Islam are to respect for the earth and lifes, compassion for the poor, improve the world and oneself, etc. Islam is not evil. People have the right to choose their religion.
Islam is an ancient religion, and it is not hateful. You can ask any specialist in religion, Islam has nothing to deal with hate. If we imprison people based on their religious views, that would be chauvinism.
If you read Qu'ran, you would know that there is nothing about hate in it. Statements of hate nad genocide do not come from this religion, but from specific people who are armed military groups. Do not confuse criminals and common people!
No, 1.6 billion people are not irrational and incompatible with science.
We use Arabic numbers.
Much like your statement then.
Islamic scholars created the foundations on which our modern scientific knowledge was built.
Actually all modern science and mathematics are children of Islam.
Are you sure? There are an awful lot of Muslim, scientists, researchers, and medical professionals for a religion which is supposedly incompatible with science.
The Qur'an encourages the pursuit of new knowledge and understanding. That sounds quite compatible with science to me.
Ever heard of Al-Khawarizmi? You have him to thank for quite a lot of mathematics and astronomy!
Oh! You mean the home of modern maths and science?
Apart from all the scientists that are also muslim?
So i guess you are talking about the Middle East? That place where Christianity originates from. Sure.
Sorry I must have missed that episode of grand designs, link?
I mean, I am proud of our right to freedom of worship just the same as our right to freedom of speech.
There are churches in Muslim countries like Turkey, UAE, Morrocco. What is your point?
Shouldn't religious freedom be celebrated?
Because we believe in freedom of religion here. Why should it bother anyone else for Muslims to practice their faith peacefully alongside others?
Why should not Muslims be allowed to build Mosques here? I thought this country believed in giving people the freedom to practice religions other than Christianity?
For hundreds of years we weren't allowed to build different kinds of Churches in Britain, but we are better than that now.
Surprise - we are actually allowed to do this! Read on. Sacred Heart Cathedral in Lahor, Holy Trinity Cathedral in Karachi.
Because we let people practise their religion here? Also, there a number of christian churches built in Pakistan so yes, we are allowed to build churches in Muslim countries too.
If a country will not allow the practice of other religions, that is a cultural issue. The vast majority of Muslims support peoples right to freedom of religion.
British Muslims give more to charity, per capita, than all other religious groups [link to mend statistics and/or example of one large charity donation from a Mosque], so I am struggling to see the problem with Mosques where these funds are mostly raised.
Maybe because people obviously haven't understood this and keep generalising a few extreme cases to the whole religion?
Religion is an integral part of our society, surely it is a good thing that it preaches peace.
So you are saying an entire faith of 1.6 billion is not peaceful? This is ignorant.
Maybe it is because of scapegoating and selective media falsely claiming that it is not?
In fact, Muslims have continued to help our society. For instance, they have worked on countering violent extremism and building community cohesion. Muslims also have condemned terrorism and ISIS in plentiful news medias around the world.
I am no expert but I do not see Islam as a single, mono-culture any more than Christianity is. Surely the 'successful' religions are those that adapt and adopt aspects of the 'local' cultures.
This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith who add so much to society?
I have met so many Muslim people adhering to British values. What do you base your view on?
I am not sure what values you are ascribing to us, but forced repatriation.
There seems to a confusion between 'citizenship' and 'faith' - you cannot really dump a load of people on some far away coast just because they share the same faith as the majority of the other people who live there.
How can you repatriate citizens of your own country? This is just ignorance.
Who are you to decide what is compatible with our values and what is not? It is just your opinion, and hopefully politicians will not listen to people like you and oppress Muslims who had not done anything wrong.
You sound like Muslims are guilty in every problem of the modern society. Non-muslims are equally often intolerant and barbaric, and they suppress gay people as well.
The world is not lost. We all face challenges, but is someone's culture is different from ours, it does not mean that they are evil and should be banned.
My friend, this world is not perfect. It experienced world wars I and II, economic recession, political crisis, etc. Us is a Christian-majority country, yet it holds the world's largest arms exporter and engages in several armed conflicts. Islam cannot explain all of these.
This is not true and your argument does not make sense as hatred does not counter hatred.
You make it sound like the 'Necromonicon'. Besides, isn't 'money the root of all evil'?
I'd think the root of all the world problems today is over-population and ecology. Why do you blame Islam in all the problems?
My friend, like Quran, many ancient literatures in many cultures and religions are still worth reading. For example, The Bible and The Buddhist scriptures are read by all the world and translated to many languages.
Have you read Qu'ran? Do you know what it states? I suppose not. How can you then judge the statements there?
Does any religion have a 'sell-by-date'?
Despite this book being 1400 years old and not belonging to our century as you say, can you provide other reasons why this book is dreadful? Because I am struggling to figure this out.
Evidence?
So what about other religious books? They do not belong to our century either?
Christian ideology is even more ancient than Islam, and Buddhism is even centuries older. Are you suggesting to ban all the religions? Or are you specifically picky about Islam?
Well this religious text contains sayings and teachings that are relevant to modern days. So I strongly disagree with you on this one.
Maybe it is not they do not want to assimilate but they do not know our society and how to assimilate. If we can help them fit into the society, you would see that they respect our laws and cultures.
I do not shared your opinion, but I do acknowledge that opinions, mine or your, do not have to be based on fact or knowledge. My 'experience' of Muslims, as neighbours, colleagues, friends hasn't led me to view them as a problem.
Every religious person would like their religion to be respected, this is not only Muslim people. Secondly, I've never seen them demanding for everyone's respect?
Everyone has to follow British laws, this is simply how it is. So yes, Muslim people do respect our law. I haven't seen anyone breaking the law and then getting away with it.
Doesn't 'demand' imply that it is unreasonable to want to enjoy a right to worship which is something all British Citizens have? Freedom of worship is surely fundamental to 'British values'.
No one wants to assimilate. Neither Muslims nor Christians or any other confession. It is not right to force people to assimilate. As far as they do not force us to follow sharia laws, we should not be concerned with them following their laws. And polygamy is forbidden in our country, and Muslims actually respect this ban!
Isn't polygamy common to a variety of cultures, and had been practiced by a range of religions. Ask the Mormons.
Evidence for this? This is not true. How can you say this about an entire faith?
Even if people follow Sharia Law, it does not mean that country has to accept it officially.
To be fair, I would guess its hard to feel a sense of belonging when you are perpetually identified as a problem?
Fgm is a serious human rights abuse. If you really care about stopping it, I think you should focus your energy on campaigning against it, not using it to support your anti-Muslim rhetoric.
Christians also practise FGM. It is not a uniquely Muslim problem.
Fgm is not a Muslim-only issue. It is routed in the cultures of certain countries, not in religion.
Many Islamic scholars actively campaign against FGM, it is not mentioned in the Qaran and is banned in a number of Muslim countries. This is a cultural problem, not a religious one.
26% of all doctors in the NHS are Asian or British Asian and abhor FGM. They are making a difference instead of just spreading hate and division in our community.
Fgm is not a Muslim practice. It is a cultural practice that is often tied to religion as a way to justify it. Not all Muslims practice it and not all those that practice it are Muslim!
Fgm is not only practised by Muslims. It is a cultural practice regardless of anyone's religion.
The Muslim Council of Britain agrees that FGM is against Islamic teachings. Muslims disagree with FGM. Stop spreading negative stereotypes!
Mgm FGM have been in Britain for hundreds of years. It is never acceptable but it does not come from just one country or ideology.
Fgm is not widely practised in Muslim countries like Morocco, Libya, Saudi Arabia, Oman, Jordan. It is a cultural thing, many Muslims do not do it.
I agree that we need to tackle this serious breach of human rights but scapegoating isn't helping us target the real problem.
The problem is, it seems to me like you are just using this as an excuse to express your Islamophobia. Fgm is a very serious breach of human rights and you do not seem to be interested in tackling the real problem.
Female Genital Mutilation occurs in non-Muslim societies (including Christian and Animist ones) it is a cultural practice, not connected to religion.
How can you say that about an entire faith?
Fgm is very serious breach of human rights which we need to address as an international community but it does not come from Islam, we need to look at the whole problem to tackle it.
The Quran does not mention FGM and it is carried out by Christians as well as Muslims. The fact that her parents are Muslim has no bearing on the risk factor.
Where do you get this misconception of that only Muslims practise FGM?
During the depression following the second world war, Muslims from across the world were invited to Britain to help combat austerity. It worked. They were invited because countries across the world had already been subjugated by the British Empire.
I think you will find race hate started by the English when we first set foot overseas, Crusade anyone?
When 400,000 Muslims died in WW1 for Britain, seems to me like this hate is very one sided.
Race hate has always had its roots in far right paranoia. Migrants in the UK have always worked hard and made a positive difference to the communities they joined.
So race hate started when Westerners could not tolerate other people who had different beliefs?
Islam is all about love and tolerance [insert quote].
Hate really? Even the doctors, surgeons, teachers, fire fighters, taxi drivers that rescued the Manchester bombing victims, the ones working to stop cancer, feed the homeless. See where I am going?
Are you suggesting that their very existence is an excuse for your hate?
Muslims and others were invited into the UK after they fought and died in the second world protecting the UK because we needed help to rebuild the UK and they still do a great job keeping the NHS, transport and everything else going, despite us hating them.
Perhaps you should monitor your own hate speech before pointing the finger at others?
This has not factual basis.
Really? For every example of hate there are a hundred examples of love tolerance and kindness just like for every other religion.
Do you think maybe race hate actually started in England when we began colonising other nations and treating people of other races as sub-human?
[gif of someone looking skeptical] i mean, race hate is almost entirely directed at minorities so you seem to be suggesting that race hate began when far right paranoia found it is newest target.
[positive example of Muslim community] when the Muslim community [is doing this] do you really think someone's very existence is an excuse to project hate at them? Clearly the Muslim community doesn't.
[quote from Quran about peace and love] lol don't look like it m8.
You cannot be racist towards an ideology. You can, however, be discriminatory and intolerant towards the people that follow it.
I mean, we could call it religious motivated hate if you like which, coincidentally, is what the law calls it.
Prejudice = Pre-judging ie not knowing anything how can that be common sense?
The semantics of your hate does not change that it is still there.
Ah logically and well argued. Not!
Common Sense definition: 'good sense and sound judgement in practical matters'; prejudice definition: 'preconceived opinion that is not based on reason or actual experience'. Nope your wrong.
Yes you can. Bigotry is bigotry.
Says who?
Or have we been coexisting and you are now suddenly offended by people being different from you?
You sound a bit paranoid mate, I do not think Muslims feel the same way.
Do you know there are Muslims in British Army? [link to Muslim people currently in British Army, quotes from them about why? Quotes from army about recruitment?].
Who has? Nobody has been at war with an entire faith for a thousand years.
2.5 million Muslims travelled to Europe to fight for the Allies in WW1.
To the contrary, we have been trading with Muslim nations for hundreds of years, often at times when we were at war with other European nations.
Does prohibiton of anything ever work? I though religious tolerance was one of our 'British values'?
You cannot blame all people for actions of a few. Banning something altogether will not solve anything.
If someone's agitating for war and death, we should deal with them directly. But as you correctly point that out, most of the people are not connected to the offensive statements and are just peaceful Muslims.
Islam does not agitate for war or violence. On the countrary, most of the 50 Muslim-majority countries around the world are at peace. Uk is a Christian-majority country, while there has been knife and gun issues over last 20 years.
To ban people you respect from practicing their faith because of the actions of a few does seem more that a bit unfair?
When you say 'cult' you imply a minor religious group, but I isn't Islam one of the worlds major religions.
Although, in June 2018, for example, more than 2,000 Afghan religious scholars from around the country issued a fatwa, an Islamic directive, saying 'the ongoing war in Afghanistan is forbidden under the Islamic law'. So clearly not all Muslim clerics are warmongers.
From what I have heard clerics are supporting the idea of living peacefully so, I am not sure why you would think that someone is agitating for war? Plus, this is not a way to be.
Islam is not evil. An entire faith is not evil. A sweeping and bigoted statement.
I do not think Islam is evil. The Qu'ran statements do not promote anything evil or hateful. The reputation of Muslims was undermined by terrorist groups, but no need to generalize too much.
Why do you think Islam is evil? The major beliefs in Islam encourage liberty, equality, and life. For instance, they teach people to respect for the lands and all creatures.
The number of Muslims in the world is fast growing. Do you think if a religion is evil or teaches bad things, it will have that much followers?
Its too early to guess the results of the next census, but all indications are that 'persons of no faith' are an increasing majority.
I do not think that wanting to learn more about different countries can be described as envy?
Doesn't 'prohibition' always fail because it adds a certain glamour that porudes the opposite of the intended effect?
Islam is having many followers, that is true. But does it mean that it is taking over countries and nations? And how can you stop it? People are free to choose for themselves what religion to follow, and if they choose Islam that is their right!
Don't those scriptures also say, ' Thou shalt love thy neighbour as thyself.'.
I do not see that Islam is spreading that much. How many Muslim immigrants are there in EU? If you look up the statistics you will see that they do not consitute the majority. Furthermore, people are migrating mostly due to economic reasons, and religion has nothing to do with it!
Stop Islam spreading? Why so negative? People of different religions travelling between the countries is a normal phenomenon - wanting to learn more about different cultures etc. I do not think this should be perceived as taking over countries and nations?
Probably you are making a hasty generalization. I do not think Islam is taking over countries and nations. Do you know the statistics of all the immigrants in UK? How many of them are from EU, muslim community, and other countries?
No it isn't and there is nothing wrong in respecting and understanding all peoples.
Do you know that much about Muslim culture? Dominating and destroying is not about them. You should first talk to experts in religion and them make up your opinion. Do not repeat stereotypes!
Dominate and destroy all other cultures are not the doctrine of Islamic ideology. Instead, Islam teaches people to care for the poor and children. This includes respecting other cultures.
My friend, but do you really know what Islammic ideology is?
The main purpose of a religion is to destroy other cultures? Can you elaborate? Having read more about Islam, I can assure you that this is not what it stands for.
I only wish followers of all religions and none were more tolerant. For a tolerant Christian world there sure is a lot of discrimination and hate crime.
If that were true would not there only be one version of Islam not the many different interpretations and diverse nations and communities. Just like Christianity it has different interpretations, there good and bad people in each, and good and bad leaders.
No it isn't and most 'tolerant' places in the world accept all religions.
The Christian world can be far from tolerant. Muslims in the US are more likely to have tolerant attitudes toward LGBT people than Christians. Maybe we can all learn something from them?
Tolerance is not limited to one religion, or to religion at all. There are plenty of tolerant Muslims. The issue, it seems, is with people being intolerant of Islam.
It is no more totalitarian than any other religion. Only extremists using Islam for their own means enforce totalitarian principles. These aren't reflective of the majority of Muslims, even if the media tricks us into thinking so.
Islam is belief system that contributed to prominent scientific, political, and social innovations that ordered and improved the world.
I am tired of the deliberate lies or appalling lack of understanding about a religion followed by 23% of the world. Enough IS ENOUGH!
The only thing that is ENOUGH is this discriminatory hate speech.
It sounds like you are saying that you have be Christian to be tolerated, bit paradoxical do not you think?
Oh the tolerant world that is spreading hate and fuelling discrimination against others?
Hmm, now what other religion does that sound like?
Well if we are talking about LGBT rights and misogyny, the Bible does not exactly have the best track record. But we've learnt to focus on it is positive values rather than get dragged down by specifics.
Great that you are defending women and gay people but why do I get the feeling it is really just an opportunity to take a dig at Islam. Btw just as in the Catholic church attitudes in Islam are changing fast.
When Germany legalised same-sex marriage in 2017, all Muslim MPs voted in favour, and 223 non-muslims opposed it. Which of those groups sounds more intolerant?
Many Muslims aren't homophobic and sexist, but like in any religion, some are. It is not the religion, its cultural and personal attitudes.
In this country women and gay people have been persecuted for centuries and there is still a long way to go to end it. How different are we really?
Many faiths are changing to end inequality and persecution of women and gay people and each have people who resist that change. Islam is no better or worse.
You sure?
Women and gay people face much more discrimination from right-wing non-muslim populist figures. (link to article about the 'homophobic muslim' stereotype)
Articles showing the opposite.
An ideology based on a holy book written thousands of years ago isn't likely to match up to contemporary standards of equality and tolerance, but its not the ideology that matters, it is how it is followers act it out.
Sexism and homophobia aren't exclusively Muslim. You only have to look at the church to see that.
Women and gay people have been persecuted by many groups all over the world and it needs to change. Is there a particular reason you are picking on Islam?
Ironically, I think women and gay people feel more threatened by the same far-right individuals who attack Muslims. Intolerance of one group seems to indicate intolerance of others too.
In the US, Muslims are more likely to be tolerant of LGBT+ people than Christians. Any religion can be used to persecute certain groups, it is the interpretation of it by it is followers that matters.
The same could be said for most other major religions, but have you singled out Islam here to suit your own agenda?
Have you ever truely understand the religion Islam, including its history, principles, or teaching? Islam actually teaches people to respect life and care for people. It is also what the majority of Muslims follow.
What you are saying is not true about the culture in general. Not all islamic people are like that and it is not true to claim such facts. Moreover, many non-islamic people can be blaimed for being intolerant, sexist, etc. Should we deal with them first and then turn to Islamic criminals?
Everyone has the right of free speech, while it does not mean anyone can use it to hurt people. Plus, based on what you critisize Islam? I recommend you to read something about true Islam and Muslims. You would find that they are no difference from us.
How can you say such hateful things about an entire faith?
You can criticize Islam for eveything, but please be objective. You can ask any Muslim person, and (s)he will tell you that Islam is highly misunderstood. What you state are all stereotypes about it and not an objective truth!
This is demonstrably false. Muslims make up around 12% of unemployed people in the UK - the vast majority work hard and contribute to the UK economy.
There is a slightly higher unemployment rate (a couple of percentage points higher than white British- certainly not a majority) but this mainly down to a higher proportion of Muslims coming from lower socioeconomic backgrounds and a higher likelihood of discrimination from employers, not refusing to work.
Muslim unemployment stands at around 12%, not a great deal higher than white British unemployment. The problem is not Muslims refusing to work, it is barriers to employment and a system that does not allow equality of opportunity between different faiths and cultures.
Let's be honest a quick google search shows that simply isn't true. Please tell me where on earth you managed to drag up those stats from?
Dwp says 11% of Muslim men and 16% of Muslim women are unemployed, that took me 30 seconds to find on google. Why bother making up things?
Yeah. But no. Computer says 16% of Muslim women and 11% of Muslim men are unemployed and claiming benefits. If others aren't working then they're not on benefits just being taken care of by hard working family members. As I hope my children will do for me one day (are you listening son?).
How can you say this about an entire of group of people from all walks of life?
According to the Sun they are not refusing work but unemployment for Muslims is 1) due to discrimination against them, 2) that the report only looked at full time employment not P-T work, 3) say that numbers are pushed up because mums are more likely to stay at home while children are little.
Nearly half of all British Muslims in UK (and two thirds of them simply call themselves British) live in areas of highest deprivation and you think they choose this?
Job applicants with non-Muslim names are 3 times more likely to get a job interview than those with Muslim names. Remind me again why it is that they struggle to find work?
Provide examples of those in the muslim community working.
If I say it and find one or two online references does that make it true? What if I write: 'The vast majority of Islamophobes are unemployed and refuse to work.' ?
Do you really think this? So how otherwise they can support themselves?
That is not what I observe from the many hardworking muslims contributing to our economy.
If they were refusing work then they will not be on benefits. So what is your problem.
How do you know this? Do you have any proof, official papers?
Discrimination by employers in Europe against Muslims has been noted to be a cause of lesser employment figures of Muslims in the workforce.
Well at least they're not taking our jobs then!
That might be because of the discrimination they face in the labour market.
Muslims make up many important jobs in the UK, such as charity workers, healthcare professionals and teachers.
The proportion of Muslims unemployed is no more than that of non-Muslims (add a link to UK employment statistics).
Where this misconception is coming from?
That is a sweeping generalisation to make, got any facts to back that up?
Have you spoken to or worked with a muslim?
This is not true. Muslims have a marginally higher unemployment rate compared to white British people but research has shown that much of this is down to discriminatory employment practices as opposed to 'refusing to work'.
Well studies show that people from ethnic minorities have to send 74% more applications to achieve equal success to White people. There's your cause of unemployment.
All Muslim people I know are employed and hard working individuals. Stereotyping much?
Muslims create over 70000 jobs in their firms in London alone, so no they do not refuse to work, they in fact create work for others.
Muslims work in many diverse employment sectors, contributing to the UK's economy through their hard work and tax contributions.
Where did you get your figures from? Because everywhere I look its a completely different story.
Refuse to work do they? But at the same time they're coming over here taking our jobs. Tricky one that!
Provide unemployment data breakdown if possible.
If any Muslims are unemployed it is probably because of the discrimination they face, which tweets like this reinforce.
How many unemployed 'lazy' Muslims do you know? There are no more work-shy muslims than there are people of any other faith.
Did you even bother to google this before you tweeted it? Some Islamophobic tweets are so incorrect I do not know how you could expect anyone to believe them.
Replace Muslim with any other group and can you see how false this statement is?
Around 12% of Muslims in the UK are unemployed, please do some basic research before posting fake statistics.
All forms of hatred are wrong and should be countered.
Sociological research shows that Western people and immigrants occupy completely different slots in the labour market. Thus, we cannot cay that Muslims prevent the white people from getting the position.
Dear friend, do not you think anti-Muslim is another version of anti-Semitic? I suggest that we stop racism, and hopefully once and for all.
It is funny how lots of Jewish and Muslim groups are coming together to fight hate crime. (insert example)
Do you know that anti-Islamism is actually a form of anti-Semitism? It is equally wrong to hate Jews and Muslims.
First of all, how do you know that this is true? Any valid sources prove it? Because it sounds like nonsense. Second of all, I do not think that people would employ someone without any skills or experience no matter how politically correct they would like to be.
So all the Muslim doctors, business owners, servicemen/women, taxi drivers, chefs, etc. That I've encountered must be part of that 1% then?
Do you actually expect people to believe a fact THIS fake? At least try and think of a believable percentage.
Statistics and facts simply prove this wrong.
So all the Muslim doctors, business owners, servicemen/women, taxi drivers, chefs, etc. In our country are in fact unemployed? How do they pull that off!
How can you say this about millions of people?
That is a blatant lie. (attach unemployment statistics)
The vast majority of them bring necessary skills into our economy/society. Plus, they are eager to work. I would suggest to check your sources?
So all the doctors, teachers, shop owners and workers belong in this category? I do not think so!
If we did not legally prohibit asylum seekers from working, maybe more of them would be employed.
Provide facts.
100% of the unemployed Muslim stats I read on Twitter are fake. Muslim unemployment is at 12% in the UK, and many of that number are actively seeking work.
Where did you get this figure from? Might I get some real evidence for this? Because this seems very much unrealistic.
That sounds like quite a threat. Remind me again who's supposed to be the dangerous, violent group here?
I do not think Muslim people are trying to 'win' anything. It is only intolerant individuals like you trying to make this an us and them competition.
Wow, pipe down. Why so angry?
1000s of Muslims died in WW1 and 2 defending Britain, 1000s still in UK armed forces defending peace across the world. Bloody retribution on them, really?
Quick while they're distracted being doctors, nurses, teachers and just getting on with their lives. (its comments like yours that creates tension and conflict)
Not sure what you mean about Muslim's having won, when over 400,000 Muslims fought and died voluntarily for Britain in WW1, anyone would think they have always been on our side.
That sounds like quite a violent threat. Should I let the police know about this or?
Such dehumanising language against many people.
What are they trying to win? Muslims in the UK aren't at war with anyone, the only thing creating conflict is Islamophobic rhetoric like this, seeking to create a divide.
Sounds like incitement to me.
Bloody retribution? Most people of all faiths are just getting on with their lives and a tiny minority like your comment seems to be trying to create conflict. But I do not think any of you are winning.
Didn't realise we were against each other. [insert number of Muslim doctors] seems like they're making Britain stronger.
The only thing Muslims are trying to 'win' is the right to exist free from discrimination and dehumanising hate like this.
Its not an us and them thing. We are all just trying to get on and make a living. You do not do that by putting anyone down.
Have won at what? The only thing I see is paranoid messages like this painting a not so convincing picture of some sort of Muslim originated threat.
Good to see you are so respectful of your fellow human beings. Cockroaches is such an endearing and humanising term.
Yes, as well as everything non-Muslims aren't allowed to do by law, Muslims also have to put up with hateful bigotry and prejudice from people like you.
In what way?
Evidence please?
It is quite literally not.
Nah, I think that is too much effort for our politicians.
If Muslims are treated any differently by the law, they're treated worse (link to article about stop and search and police targeting of Muslims).
Example?
No because muslims and therefore islam live in western nations and add so much positivity.
British Muslims contribute 31 billion to the UK economy and you'd call that a threat?
I'd say the real threat is divisive comments like this.
Islam has existed alongside and within western civilisation for centuries. The scapegoating of Muslims as a threat is what is really worrying in our society.
Do you think maybe the media paints this picture of Islam to distract people from actual threats to civilisation, which are a conflict of interest for the powerful? Climate change and capitalist exploitation spring to mind.
A much bigger threat to our diverse, tolerant western civilisation is hatred generalised to entire religions.
Oh, the 95% of British Muslims who feel loyalty to the UK? Sounds terrifying!
Have you thought about what western value is what Islam is really about?
Go on talking to yourself, no one will listen.
What exactly is the West going to 'win'? Muslims are not waging a war on western society, it is only the fearmongering media spreading these myths and causing divide.
I thought our society was based on respect tolerance and merit. Hate and prejudice does not belong in western society.
Except for all the people who are muslim and live in the west peacefully?
Let's do the Timewarp again! Let's not re-run the Crusades. It did not end well last time.
Islam does belong in our multicultural Western society. Unfortunately for you, intolerance doesn't.
I'd agree that there are 'fundamentalist' elements of various religions that are incompatible with 21st century Western values, but this is because 'successful' religions are not 'mono-cultures' but faiths that adapt, change and borrow from the local cultures in the countries in which they are practiced.
The only obstacle to Islam coexisting with Western culture is intolerance like this.
Who said that West and Islam are competing at all? Is there a war? I do not like this way of seeing things. We should live in one world together and solve bigger problems humanity is facing, not fight over different cultures.
Unless of course we are already awake and recognise that the winners are those of us that can embrace respect tolerance and merit.
The media scapegoats Muslims and encourages division. When will YOU wake up and see you have been misled by institutions creating an 'us' and 'them' divide, demonising Muslims to detract attention from bigger societal issues.
Islam has given many things to the Western society. For example, medicine, mathematics. These things belong with our society. It is not correct to deny all good things about a certain culture.
I am not sure what you think the West will be the 'winner' of. Islam isn't in competition with Western culture, and the idea it threatens it is a myth spread to incite fear.
Raise your voice in celebration! They bring so much to share, skills, tolerance and love - do not believe the hate mongers.
Sorry I think your a couple millennia too late.
Or just maybe, the silence is because there is only a tiny number of people that agree with you.
Christianity and Islam are united in preaching love and leaving judgment to God / Allah what are you preaching?
There is nothing to raise your voice to. Have you ever spoken to your local Muslim community?
You are right, if you experience hate in any form, report it.
After tolerance comes acceptance - after acceptance comes love - we are halfway there! Christianity and Islam are united in preaching love now that is something to shout about.
Islam - Silence is tacit acceptance. Raise your voice against Islamophobia!
That sounds very extreme, remind me again which group is the violent dangerous one?
Don't believe biased media coverage about all Muslims being terrorists, the vast majority of Muslims condemn these people. The world is a much better place than what is portrayed in the news.
The 100 million pounds they donated to charity on Ramadan must be part of that evil plan to blow everyone up.
Right-wing terrorism, especially terrorist activities perpetrated by the far-right are greater in number (in the US) than those motivated by Islamic extremism.
This is a disgusting thing to say, you would not say this about non-Muslims would you?
Holocaust mk 2? Are you really that person?
Last time I heard Muslims came into Europe to help rebuild it after WW2 when Europeans blew each other up.
Terrorism is not confined to one particular religion.
Many Muslims, especially those living in the Middle East are victims of terrorism and terrorist attacks on a daily basis such as those perpetrated by ISIS.
Think you are digging yourself into a bit of a hole there.
Should we 'put all Christians in a hole in the ground' to punish the minority who carry out terror attacks in the name of their faith? Or would that be a disproportionate response to the actions of a minority?
Far right terrorism has been identified as the biggest terrorist threat by US and UK intelligence agencies. Are you sure it is Muslims we need to be worried about?
Why are you blaming an entire community for the actions of a few? And, most importantly, violence does not solve anything.
An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind.
Far-right extremism has been named by the government as the biggest terrorist threat to the UK. These are the people you should be looking out for not, Muslims.
How can you say this about people who do not have anything at all to do with those terror attacks?
Dig a hole, build a wall, get your act together guys.
Or let's not. Let's stop fueling the war that brings more refugees here and integrate those that are here. Most people want a quiet happy life what ever their faith.
Violent extremism is terrible. It is a shame Muslims have to put up with it.
The West continually bombs Middle Eastern and Muslim countries. Maybe we should stop blowing people up.
You start digging if that keeps you happy.
How can you say this about 1.6 billion people?
More people die in road accidents, maybe we should put the drivers in there too?
And after you have done that who's gonna taxi you home, provide that takeaway after a hard days graft and nurse those callouses on your hands? And do not get me started on the doctors you might need.
Getting rid of 22% of the world's population sounds quite laborious, perhaps we should just punish the small minority of people who actually commit a crime instead.
Mindless Hate has no place in civilised Europe.
All peoples have a place in every part of the world.
A 'civilised Europe' would never ban a group based on their religious belief; Islamophobic sentiment such as this is the antithesis of civilised.
Why? What makes you say this? How are muslims 'uncivilised'?
Shall we also ban coffee, paper, guitar, the English language, algebra, vaccinations against disease, canals, hospitals, the numeric system and every other contribution to 'civilised Europe' from the Islamic world?
They are here because 'civilised' crusaders first went there and more came later we invited them over to rebuild the our civilsation after the war.
So-called civilised Europe has benefited from Islamic contributions for hundreds of years, even some basic research would tell you that Muslims have just as much right as any other to be here.
What is wrong with Muslims living in Europe?
Do people who make such sweeping statements based on hate and ignorance belong in our civilisation then?
Is it civilised to think that millions of people from different countries, cultures, and traditions and branches of Islam? Would you think that about any other religion?
How can you say that about a faith of 1.6 billion people?
Hatred and discrimination do not either.
Why not? 'civilised' Europe could benefit from the diversity and expertise of Muslims here, the mix of cultures here is what makes Europe great.
Muslim, as other human beings, have a right to live whenever they want.
Muslims contribute much to Europe and have done since the 19th Century.
There are centuries old Islamic communities in Europe.
The first universities in Europe were established by Muslims. Muslims are the ones who helped create 'civilized' Europe.
Provide positive news stories about the Muslim community.
Muslims have been a part of European society for hundreds of years, what is not 'civilised' is your attitude towards them.
Muslims have been in Europe since the 6th century and they belong here as much as anyone else.
It seems like you are against Muslims if you are saying something like this? Why is that?
Muslims are peace-loving, law-abiding and hard-working, contributing much to the UK economically and culturally.
It is not very civilised of you to be intolerant of another religion.
We still use Arabic numbers, maths, medicines, and rely on trade and loans from Islamic countries. Islam is an intricate part of civilization as we know it.
Oh, the same Muslims who contribute more than 31 billion pounds to economy and who give more to charity than other religious groups. Link to MEND factsheet.
I'd rather have a civilisation based on equality and justice where everyone is judge by their merit and not through sweeping generalisations and prejudice.
Well most Muslims are here because of our 'civilised' crusades, 'civilised' industrial scale slavery, and 'civilised' pillaging of natural resources and yet the vast majority of Muslims in the UK are proud to be British, work hard and and contribute to the economy.
You mean all those doctors, nurses, architects, artists, teachers?
Muslims do have a place in Europe's multicultural society. Unfortunately for you, intolerance doesn't.
After world war 2 European governments recruited Muslims to rebuild Europe. There would not be a civilised Europe without Muslims.
Every single Muslim? Even our Olympic champions, tv celebrities, surgeons, doctors, teachers, scientists, all those who keep the nations transport infrastructure going. You really think they have no place in civilisation?
Some of the oldest civilisations in existence are Islamic. I would not call the religious hatred directed at Muslims in Europe 'civilised'.
What do you base your view on?
Why? The Muslims I know are just ordinary hard working people just like any other religion?
Where do we deport the Muslims who were born here to?
Deported where? They are UK Citizens?
The negative stereotypes and extreme examples in the media are not representative of all Muslims. Don't believe everything you read.
And what should we do with he bigots and racists?
Are you sure about this? Have you interviewed every single person in this country? Tell me more about this.
I have so many amazing Muslim friends. I do not want them deported. What is your reasoning?
If that were really true why are there so few people saying it?
You mean YOU do not want them here, most everyone else does, sorry.
That is quite a generalisation. What have 'all' Muslims done to deserve being deported?
By 'no one wants them here' do you mean just you specifically do not want them here?
But the ones I know are just hard working people taking care of their families and neighbours. Like most people.
I want them here?
You are clearly not speaking on behalf of me.
I think many people would disagree. I certainly want all our Muslim doctors, teachers, lawyers and politicians here.
The vast majority of ordinary, tolerant people would disagree. Muslims are welcome in the UK, Islamophobia is not.
No, bad plan. So much less diversity and cultural richness.
You are aware there are millions of Muslims that add to society and the economy which would collapse.
Deported to where? Many Muslims were born in this country and are part of our culture and society.
But can we keep the doctors and nurses please, oh and the taxi drivers and my local take away, and my son's favourite teacher and I did enjoy getting all those gold medals last Olympics and others.
Deported to where? A majority of Muslims in the west were born here, you cannot send someone back to a place they have never been.
Then we would be left with angry people like you. Doesn't seem to be the best plan.
But we would have much less doctors, chefs, politicians, drivers, scientists, philanthropists.
What about the many Muslim people born in this country? Where do you propose to deport them to?
Except when you need a taxi, a surgeon, a teacher, a train, a doctor, an Olympic medal, great food, sounds a bit like a Monty Python sketch.
Really? You speak for everyone?
There's a few people I do not want here but deporting British Citizens feels a bit like a dictatorship.
Have you ever spoken to a mulsim?
Then why did we ask them to come in the first place, wasn't it top save our NHS, run the trains and post office. Non of those were doing very well last time I looked, I think we might actually still bneed them.
Because one person does not represent a whole religion, which one person today could reflect the whole of Christianity through their behaviour and belief?
For an individual disrespecting someone else's religion, you sure are angry about an individual disrespecting someone else's religion.
This is generalization. Maybe the case you mentioned is just the minority. Besides, some governments even destroys pepople's house. We should pay much more attention to this instead.
Muslims also contribut a lot to our society by doing manys works that our own people do not want to do, or doing cutting edge research.
The best way to beat hatred is not with more hatred.
Why have we built Churches all over the world? How many holy buildings have we demolished over history? This is never acceptable, but can we really be casting the first stone?
Many Muslims feed the homeless, offer shelter, work in hospitals, schools and keep the country going. Maybe we should invite more?
What would Jesus say? I do not think He would be preaching intolerance and Hate!
Man spreads Hate, encourages intolerance, why do we accept this? And they want to continue this filth?
Tolerance of people with different religious beliefs is not an illness, hatred and fear of people different than you sounds much more unhealthy.
Islam is a part of our multicultural society, just like any other religion. Accepting it is not 'appeasement', it is basic tolerance for others.
Or maybe appeasement to Muslims is just tolerance and understanding. Give that a try!
Accepting people from all walks of life is not an illness.
Unicorns eat fairy dust, I said it so its a fact.
If values of tolerance, respect and human decency are akin to mental illness, I am happy to be classed that way.
I do not think it is. A 'fact' by who?
Appeasement? 1.6 billion muslims are not the enemy?
Maybe appeasement to people of different faith and beliefs is not such a bad thing. They call it tolerance.
Most Muslims are well-integrated in society and do not want to be 'appeased' and instead treated as normal citizens in society.
Putting 'it's a fact' after an ungrounded opinion does not make it a fact.
If by appeasement you really mean keeping the NHS running, trains running, taxis going, hard working people fed, late night emergency beer runs possible then yeah, its mental.
I do not see anything wrong in trying to understand different cultures and religions better. Most important, I would not call it a mental illness. This is disrespectful.
But as Muslims contribute Billions to the economy, build SMEs, and contribute more than they take is not appeasing its gaining.
As is paranoia.
Peace, tolerance, unity, community, cooperation, being neighbourly, are they mental illness too?
If you actually knew more about different religions and cultures you would not say this.
It is called tolerance. It is a fact. Do try it!
No, it is not a fact because it is simply not true.
You obviously do not understand what mental illness is? Why do not you read up on some psychology.
The point of listening to Muslim women, and women in general, is that they could broaden and enlighten your view of the world.
Baroness Warsi, Rashida Tlaib, Ilhan Omar, Malala Yousafzai- I could go on. Just because powerful and intelligent Muslim women are overlooked it does not mean that they do not exist.
It is just so hard to take you seriously when your Islamophobia, misogyny and disablist language combined make you seem excessively uninformed.
How about influential figures like Baroness Sayeeda Warsi? Or Harvard Fellow Hayfa Al-Kaylani? Should I list some more brilliantly smart Muslim women?
So the headscarf impedes brain function? Seems like your problem is sexism and misogyny not Islam.
Perhaps if you listened, you'd realise just how uninformed you sound.
[gif of someone laughing] If Islamophobia is getting this weak, perhaps we have nothing to worry about.
You decide whether or not people are intelligent based on their religion? Well, this is not a way forward.
And when CVs submitted under a non Muslim name are 3 times more likely to get an interview than those submitted under a Muslim name, the problem very clearly lies with those employers who discriminate against Muslim women.
What is the point in listening to Western men? They are all Islamophobic and generalise narrow minded opinions to entire genders and religions.
So how come I met so many intelligent and smart Muslim women then? I think you should not be so quick to judge.
That is quite a big generalisation, and obviously a false and discriminatory one too.
Not sure how far dismissing 10% of the world's population will get us.
Grow up.
Sounds like thinly veiled sexism to me.
List of famous Muslim females.
Wow! Offending Muslims, women, and disabled people, all in one tweet? What is made you so angry?
What is the point in listening? Maybe because they actually have something good to say?
Don't use offensive language and you are literally saying do not listen to hundreds of millions of people of all walks of life.
The point is they might teach you a thing or two about first, respect, and secondly, tolerance.
Are you accusing all the Britain Muslims of antisemitism? I disagree, from my experience they are just usual people who do not show their hate towards anybody, they just live their lives.
I do not think Muslims constitute the major fraction of our society. Thus, I do not think the labour party is biased towarda them.
Evidence? All hatred is wrong and must be countered.
Do you know the numbers of the votes of Britain Muslims?
Britain Muslims means they are Britishes who enjoy the right covered by the Act. It is logical that labour party should consider their right and voice as well.
A religion followed by 1.6 billion people is not a plague.
It is just a religion like Christianity or any other. Get over it.
Do you mean Islam is positively infecting our planet?
Hatred and intolerance are the only thing plaguing our planet.
Dare to explain why? I see people from this religion to be valuable members of our society like the rest of us.
List of positive news stories re islam/muslims.
Replace islam with any other religion and see just how deeply offensive what you just said is.
Clearly there is so much we can learn from different religions and cultures.Why so negative?
Actually 26% of British doctors who are Asian or British/Asian are helping to fight cancer.
Please check this [https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2016/aug/01/immigrant-muslim-cancer-research]
An entire faith of 1.6 billion people is not a cancer.
What is truly cancerous is hatred towards an entire faith.
We would live in a much better world if intolerance was removed instead.
Eradicate these pests' sounds like quite a dehumanising threat. Maybe we should stop your benefits, free housing, and national health service. It might be the only language you will understand, to stop you from being so discriminatory.
26% of all doctors working in the NHS are Asian or Asian British, you want to bar them from accessing the service they keep running 24hrs a day?
Bit of a generalisation that, isn't it? If you cannot see that most Muslims contribute positively to the UK, you need to do a quick google search I think.
Did history teach you nothing? How can you say this about an entire group of people?
These people are actually subject to a harsh punitive system.
Muslims are no more likely to be reliant on benefits or social housing than the non-Muslim British population. Stop trying to depict Muslims as a drain on our national resources and try and consider the positive contributions they make.
Where exactly do you put people you remove from the UK, when they are from the UK?
95% of British Muslims feel a loyalty to the UK and contribute over 31 billion pounds to the UK economy. They look like a valuable part of the community to me. (statistics from MEND.org.uk)
One of the biggest barriers to assimilation is intolerance like this. Maybe if you made Muslims feel more welcome, they would?
Many groups of people feel excluded for many reasons and should be supported.
Maybe you are the one that needs to assimilate to living in a multicultural society with people who are different from you?
A nation where everyone is the same sounds like a nation of robots to me.
What if somebody is UK citizen and muslim?
That intolerance and hatred is one of the biggest problems our country faces #spreadlovenothate.
And so Ghandi said, ' An eye for an eye makes the whole world blind.'.
Having a mosque built down the road is causing you problems? Really?
It would not solve the hate and persecution that plagues these comments.
Say this about any other faith and you will see how deeply offensive this is.
What type of problems will this solve?
Is this actually a way forward? I do not think that religious practice is responsible for bad behaviour of some people. Clearly there are other motivations for this type of behaviour.
Yes, that is a great 'civilized' way to maintain your 'civilized' country from these terrible 'uncivilized' people.
Though looking at your tweet, I am think what is left would be worse.
Once you burn books you burn people. Has history taught you nothing?
That sounds a lot like terrorism to me.
Poverty, brexit, austerity, homelessness. Please enlighten me as to how banishing Islam would solve these problems?
How will being angry and violent towards members your own community, who add so much, solve said communities issues?
Really? Cause it seems problems in this country are caused by hatred and intolerance.
So that will solve poverty, homelessness, division and hatred, Brexit. I did not know these were all down to Muslims! Wow!
Sounds very much like incitement to me, do be careful.
Tbh I am struggling to find any Chocolate Eggs which are not labelled as Easter Eggs.
The companies can follow their own policies which are conditioned by globalization or marketing. It is not necessary to attribute everything to the Muslim invasion.
Just wondering what Muslims have to do with corporate branding tactics designed to make us spend more money.
Does it really matter how Easter Eggs are labelled? I do not think this matter is really important. Calling them in another fashion does not change our culture.
Easter Eggs were always about children getting chocolate and very little about any religion.
Except for Muslims, both Jesus and Easter are very important so they do not really have a problem with Easter.
Atheists like chocolate too!
Nobody is deceiving our culture as we still know what Easter eggs are and what they for. Deceiving would be just banning the eggs!
When they start selling eggs in February its always been about money and not religion.
I personally think its more about the commercialisation of a religious festival, rather than any 'betrayal of our culture', as such. Atheists like chocolate too.
Fake News! Mountain out of a molehill anyone?
Evidence for this please?
Aren't Easter Eggs just another example of corporate greed cashing in on religious celebrations? Surely Easter is a good time to reflect on our consumerism, what are you giving up for lent?
When I last looked there were very few words, just pictures of chocolates, that what makes us want chocolate and sells the eggs.
[insert picture of Easter egg labelled as such] Are they?
I thought the association of Eggs with the celebration of Easter originally derived from Pagan, pre-Christian practices?
Looks to me like supermarkets just want to sell more products to people regardless of faith.
Why do you think it is because of Muslims? To me, globalization and tourism would explain more why Easter Eggs are being labelled 'Chocolate Eggs'.
The UK couldn't thrive without international trade. Trade with Muslim countries boosted our economy to help make Britain as strong as it is today.
List of positive news stories.
How about this. [insert link to Muslim group cleaning Newcastle streets after New Year's or more up to date example].
Uhm, Maths.
Pioneered science.
British literature has been influenced by Islamic writing for hundreds of years, even Shakespeare included Muslim characters. [link to Othello wiki with example].
Tea.
Perhaps invented clocks, surgical instruments and maps? You are welcome.
[insert picture of first/second world war Muslim soldiers, example The World's War, Forgotten Soldiers of Empire] they have fought and died for our country.
Fought for us in both world wars.
Muslims contribute a lot to our society. What are you contributing other than intolerance?
This person may be the only one able to supply you some bread so, appreciate it!
Can you not see how offensive this is? Just replace what you said with any other group of people.
Had lunch with some Muslim friends recently. Somehow, I am still HIV and Ebola free!
This is a poor/non-existent understanding of epidemiology. Perhaps a little research on the spread of disease is called for.
If you do not think Muslims have ever done anything for 'us' I think you need to do a quick google search. The evidence of Muslims contributions to society is everywhere!
Provided the basis for all Western scientific and philosophical knowledge?
Are you talking about the Muslim doctors and medical researchers treating and finding cures for these illnesses?
How can you say this about hundreds of millions of people?
That is a sweeping statement to make for someone with such a flawed knowledge of how these disease spreads.
Apart from the fact that you couldn't catch HIV like that, disease does not discriminate on religious grounds.
Cearly this is not a way to catch a disease is it?
Yes, except that HIV is more common among Christians and its not a contact disease.
This sounds like a science fiction if you ask me!
Fought in 2 world wars for us, provided medical care, made scientific advances, contributed to the economy massively. Need I go on?
Why are you so rude to other people? I do not know how they offended you, but you are offending them fore sure.
So much hatred. We must respect and understand all peoples.
May I remind you to mind your language? Do you want to share me with your anger, maybe I can help you?
I do not know what Muslims have done to you, but I know many beautiful and kind persons among them. So it is very rude and inconsiderate of you to call them disgusting.
What happened, my friend? Do you want to talk about what is in your mind?
You have a stance, that is your right. But it is not your right to decide for other people (your children and grandchildren) and insult other people.
You really want to support the role of the State in prescribing what people should eat or drink?
Aren't you expressing support for a form of torture? Whatever happened to 'British values'?
Doing it right'? I think you have got your moral compass upside down!
Being forced to eat my peas when I was a kid just made me hate them even more. Still cannot stomach the damn things.
Would you say the same if this was about say, Tibetan Buddhists suffering the same sort of coercion?
Given that a belief in the rule of Law is generaly cited as a 'British value' - surely its important that this person is returned to the UK to stand trial for whatever crimes they may have committed?
Dog's and horse's do not have passports. A stable isn't a country, and matters of nationality and citizenship are legal constructs, rather than genetics.
A British dog born in a British stable is not a horse, but its still British. We have obligations both 'to' and 'for' our Citizen's, be they good or evil surely?
Aren't places of worship about far more than just prayers?
Do we have any 'indigenous faith's'? Druids maybe?
You seem to be suggesting only Christians should be allowed a place of worship?
Christianity isn't exactly 'indigenous', given Jesus was born in Bethlehem!
Small groups of people peacefully gather to pray, but because they do not look like you, you are outraged? Why am I not surprised?
At what point in history did England not have people from other places joining us? Vikings, Saxons, Romans. We integrate the best things and move forward.
They are here because we went there, took their wealth, food and industry and then invited them to come here to work our factories, NHS and transport.
Omg brown people contributing to our society. How dare they!?
Yeah, so what is your point? It looks like a place where people can live and do what they want and believe even in the West.
I'd rather see have them than the Friday night kicking out crowd.
So these families came in to do cheap labour at textile mills in Saville and then made a life for themselves? Shocking! How could they?
Have you seen Magaluf in the summer? Brits do the same everywhere we go.
You are not even trying to mask your racism now.
What is wrong with accepting and understanding people of different backgrounds?
By your logic, the world will be diverse so long as Islam isn't practiced in Antactica?
I am not sure I would use 'invasion' to describe the spead of a particular faith or belief, but isnt' that what religions do. Spead; by text, by preaching, by word of mouth, by proselytisation?
Apart from its use as a 'code word' for multiple ethnicities, does not 'diversity' just mean 'a range of things', including different faiths? So surely a country without Islam would be less 'religously' diverse?
I thought 'Totalitarianism' was the requirement of total subservience to the STATE, rather than to any particular faith. So no, the spread of matters of personal belief would not be necessarily 'totalitarian'.
What have Muslim people done to you? Would you like to be on their place and be repatriated? These are serious words and one cannot say them without thinking of consequences!
Can I suggest that to conflate changes in demographic's with the way a virus operates is just nonsense.
Why someone who is working / studying and trying to build their life there should be suddenly sent back to their home countries?
Given the number of Muslims born in the UK, this statement in a bit silly.you cannot repatriate someone who hasn't moved.
As a matter of fact, those muslim emmigrants do many labors that many Londoners do not want to do. We should be grateful that our society is still functioning well.
People run from their countries because they are unhappy to live there. They run from wars, bombing, poverty, hunger. Pushing them back into their disasters is not humane.
The modern world should deal with the problems that underlie migration, not simply ban it.
In my opinion, many people want to emigrate to London means London is a charming and enjoyable place for living. Isn't that a wonderful thing and we should keep this trait?
Invasion? Don't you think this expression is slightly over dramatic? People simply want to live in one of the best cities in the world!
If you had said 'the home counties' I might have given this tweet a like.
1- No it is not. 2 - An entire faith, really? 5 - Muslims can also be British.
If we invite people to live and work in our country, to fill the mills and factories, of the 1970's, for example, its a bit of cheek to turn around decades later and describe their grand kids as an invasion or a plague, do not you think?
Are you forced to pray in a Mosque? Or observe all the rules? As far as I see it, Muslims follow their traditions, that is their right, but they do not convert anyone in our society.
Never mind a bit of praying in public, how to we stop the Salvation Army waking us up of a Sunday with 'Onward Christian Soldiers'. A working man deserves a lie-in!
How many times have you seen evangenical Christian preachers and followers on the streets most Saturday's in most UK cities? You do not think that other faiths should be allowed the same?
Public demonstrations of devotion and worship are hardly unique to Islam.
If a country is great, it will not be affected by any invaders. At least, it will find its way to get stronger.
No. Having a diverse society is a positive. There is no 'invasion'.
Why are you attacking muslims? Many people come and live in Britain and I do not see why it is a bad thing.
Can I ask you what bad things Islam has brought to us? I cannot name any!
Muslims are only expected to engage in combat in warfare and never against innocent people or non-believers.
Photo? Evidence? Did you report them? Or just another internet myth.
If I spray something on a wall and tag it HRH does that make it the law? I am even willing to add a stamp as photo id. First class of course. There's enough going on without falling for fake news and internet rubbish.
When they refused to serve you just what was it you were saying or doing in the minutes before? Why do I feel there is a fuller story here?
Saw that in the Mirror, bit of graffiti sprawl across a wall, hardly a shop sign. Have you nothing better than false news?
Please provide evidence and if true hatred does not justify hatred.
Try harder next time. It was graffiti, not a sign from the owners.
Report to True Vision online. I am sure you know its illegal to discriminate by colour. But something tells me they may counter with cctv and the full story.
Judging from your comment here, if you have been refused service it is likely because of hateful conduct, not the colour of your skin.
After checking the timetable, 'specialist' sessions' are more about 'gender' than faith segregation, sessions for 'Women Only', 'Men Only' and 1 hour a week for 'Muslim women', which hardly seems making a fuss about.
People have the right to build their churches and follow their confession. They are not trying to convert us all, are they? So we should just leave them at peace.
What do you mean by 'islamized'? If mosques are build in some areas, I do not see this as threat but as representation of community in those areas?
We will not know until the next census by recent survey suggest that the UK is increasingly a secular society with a growing percentage expressing no religous affiliation at all.
Are you suggesting that the 'Prevent' programme is about appeasement to Islam, Hadaway bonnie lad.
No it isn't? Diversity is a strength.
Why would you say that? British government has its strict immigration policy which does not allow every Islam or any immigrant.
What type of whims are you talking about? Laws are created after careful consideration of matters, it is not like every sudden desire will be fulfilled.
The only disgrace is us being ignorant of other religions and cultures. This is not a society where I want to live.
Why? What is wrong about learning about a world religion that many of their peers practice?
Only as much as any other religion, and yet you do not seem to have a problem with those. I wonder why?
Maybe if you'd learned about Islam in school you'd understand it is not a threat to you and you'd be more tolerant of it.
Learning different religions so we can live in the inclusive society is nonsense? I strongly disagree.
Do you have any evidence that Islam is being forced fed? I did not think so.
Children are being taught Islam as much as they're being taught about all the other religions. I hardly think this counts as indoctrination.
Learning about and respecting all faiths, including Islam, is not nonsense.
A real disgrace would be children not being taught about other religions and growing up with a narrow mindset.
Maybe by learning about other people's beliefs, your children will turn out to be tolerant understanding people. Look at the bright side!
The real disgrace is that children are being force fed intolerance of others and hate from tweets like this!
At most, children are just learning more about different religions. You are using very strong and unnecessary words here.
No child is 'forced fed' Islam. Parents retain the right to take their child out of any religious education.
What do you mean by being forced fed? I haven't seen anything like this.
Is it Muslims from whom African people suffered most? History suggests it is the US. And btw, our culture also oppressed women and children historically, we had child marriages as well. But now it is all history, both for Islam and Christianity!
This is simply not true.
Christmas still seems to be going ahead in this country, who exactly are these Muslims that are offended by it? Sounds like fake news to me.
Have you actually spoken with Muslim about this? Does people celebrating Christmas actually offend them? I would be keen to know.
You know, I spoke with Muslim people and they actually fine with us celebrating Christmas. Such a relief isn't it?
I have never seen so many people celebrating Christmas this year and as far as I know none of Muslims were offended. So, what are you talking about?
Muslims 'believe' in Jesus' birth, it might not be a traditional celebration for many but it is really not a cause for offense either.
Prophet Muhammad: 'The dearest person to me in friendship and in love, in this world and the next is Jesus, the son of Mary.' - Muslims love Jesus lol why would they be offended by a celebration of his birth?
Show me evidence of this?
Christmas isn't banned, you do not have to say 'Winter Celebration', candy canes are honestly fine (unless you are diabetic). This is all manufactured outrage to create anti-Muslim sentiment. Chill.
Muslims cannot celebrate their own holidays without fear of being targeted by Islamophobic hatred.
No one is offended by people celebrating Christmas. Myths like this are manufactured by right-wing sources to make minorities and the left look easily offended, and invalidate the issues they really care about.
If that were really true why are there so many union flags around then? Should we report the Queen next time she is home?
I saw that bit of news, nothing to do with the man peeing on the floor and punching a security guard then? That was allowed and he was chucked out for wearing a flag.
Where is your evidence for this? This is simply not true.
So what about Muslims born in the UK whose national flag is the Union Jack?
This is such a tired excuse everyone one of those so called 'Muslims are offended by the flag' stories two minutes on google shows its always one person's word, never any evidence, loads of examples of other people with the same flag and often the fact that it was hung in a dangerous way, they punched a security guard, or pissed on the floor was not the reason why they were asked to leave.
I am really good at making up stories, believing only the things I want to and then ranting about it too.
He got kicked out of MEN arena for peeing on the floor and punching security. Had nothing to do with his patriotic choice of attire.
Most Muslims are too busy working hard, looking after their families and neighbours, propping up the NHS to be worried about such nonsense.
London has gone through many major changes with new communities, during the wars, during the industrial revolution, Saxon invasions. Who do you think the real Brits are? Or is it just colour you are worried about?
Must be hard for you leaving the house and all your cousins.
Ooer, you might meet someone that looks a bit different to you.
Explain? Such offensive language and diversity is a strength.
Send me a postcard!
Good luck! Try not to talk to anyone or you might just get some perspective.
Must be hard for you being in a vibrant, international metropolis.
Have you forgot that this country respects people of all religions?
You should ask people what religions they belong to. Most people would say they do not belong to any! Then why are you imposing your religion wars on the society?
I'd think that in the 21st century people would be smarter and will not encourage wars. Do you want to also start a genocide? How are you different from the people you accuse?
There is no 'them and us' we all must live together in respect, peace and understanding.
What you said is an extreme case. One of the Islamic principle is to respect for human dignity. Islam condemns violence.
Something has gone very wrong over here if you think that respecting other religions is encouragement of a genocide.
Why would you think it is a war? Can't we deal with it peacefully? War cannot solve problems but create chaos.
Yes, we are allowed to celebrate Easter as Muslims are allowed to celebrate Ramadan. No one is offending anyone here, why tehre is a need to create division?
No one is stopping you from celebrating Easter, nor are they offended by it.
Muslims believe in Jesus. No one is trying to cancel Easter. Stop legitimising division by manufacturing outrage.
Have you actually spoken to Muslim people and asked whether it offends them?
Actually the Quran quite likes dogs, animals and if you read it carefully all people even non believers, like Christianity its only God /Allah that should judge.
Do you think a Muslim would forget to capitalise the I in Islam?
I do not see why that would be offensive.? Please do walk your dog, it needs the exercise.
That was from a reality tv show maybe if I am on next week and say all dog owners should clean up after their pets the message might get through?
Great excuse to get out of it, wish I'd thought of that.
Wish I could believe everything I read but sometimes reality keeps sneaking in.
Explain? This is not the case.
Because throw away comments on reality TV are always true? I think you need to be less trusting and check your sources.
Girls and women do not face a bigger threat from Muslim's than from people of any other faith. Maybe what is more damaging is referring to them like objects that can be 'damaged' instead of people.
The majority of sexual assaults are committed by a family member, friend, or partner of the victim, and only 12% of convicted rapists are Muslim. It is not the religion, its the individuals, whether they're Muslim or not.
You see to be suggesting that sex crimes and child sexual exploitation is not something that followers of other faiths are involved in?
I do not know if it counts as invasion when lots of Muslims in the UK are British citizens and were born here.
There are no islamic invaders and this is just hatred.
There is a lot of difference in how girls and women are treated across different branches of Islam just like Christianity and Judaism.
People invited to work in our mills and factories, invited to settle and contribute to our society. Doesn't fit any definition of an 'invasion' that I am familiar with.
I am not really convinced that it is possible to pigeonhole misogny as an exclusively Islamic issue.
Why do you link rapist crimes and Muslim people? Do you have anny proofs for that?
Don't believe selective media stories that make out a disproportionate amount of violence towards women is committed by Muslims. (link to sexual assault statistics)
And if all Muslims were to leave, women and girls would still be harmed - most of it comes from family friends, work places, people and institutions and of course we'd have no NHS or train service.
Because Victorian girls and women were treated equally with respect? That was when there no Muslims in the country. Are we really much better now? #metoo?
Easy to blame others isn't it, that way we do not have to look at our own sexism.
Even though it is difficult to have exact report on sexual crimes, on the sex offenders register are white men, based on former Chief Crown Prosecutor for the Crown Prosecution Service in 2017. Stop blaming others and help our girls and women.
And what do girls and women have to say about it? I suspect they are more worried about harassment and abuse from family, friends and neighbours, pay and job discrimination and everyday sexism.
The Yorkshire Ripper' said God told him to committ his atrocitites. In neither case is this a justification. Individuals are responsible for their actions, not whatever warped interpretation of a particular faith they cite as possible cause.
What do you mean? What point are you making?
I cannot believe it! Looks like another scammy news which is actually not true.
That is a sad tragedy. However, the message from Quran is misunderstood. Instead, the message is 'if women do not cover themselves adequately with their outer garments, they may be abused - and that such abuse would be justified'.
Rapists will use any excuse to justify their actions. This is an abhorrent individual.
There is never justification for rape. Individuals of all faiths have used their holy texts to justify all sorts of crimes. They carry the blame.
This is a very sad story! But every Muslim person I know confirms that rapism is a sin and it is not justified in the Qu'ran.
Such over-simplifications are an insult to those victims of perpetrators from non-Muslim backgrounds.which, statistically, is still the majority.
This is a sad matter, but not all Muslims are involved in such crimes, and not all people involved in it are Muslims.
Did you miss 'Some.' from the beginning of this Tweet?
I'd acknowledge that there is an issue in some of our towns with exploitation by men from a Pakistani Muslim heritage, but to label this as an exclusivewly Muslim problem is to ignore the scale and seriousness of the issue.
I feel you anger. The often ignored fact is that around 90% of the criminals were persons known to the child. Besides, most of people convicted of child abuse offences were white men. Sexual exploitation of children should be stopped and prevented. Please help our girls: visit English National Domestic Violence Helpline and National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children.
Why do you think child rapists would make a religion peaceful? I am sure there are better strategies for making a religion peaceful.
There is already work going within Muslim communities, just as there is across the rest of society, it is just not reported on.
Rapism is banned in the Muslim community equally to our community! It is not true to say that Muslims do not care about such matters. They discuss it widely in their families, though not publicly.
How is the action of an individual or group representative of an entire faith?
Children are innocent. They do not deserve terrified treatment. Children are the future. We should offer more hope and brightness to our future.
Do you think making children suffer will make a religion, Islam, or our world better? I think rape would create hate, anger, and fear, which would make things worse.
Muslim people I know are strongly against any crime, and rapism is a sin in Islam. They talk to their children about that. Thus, they indeed counteract such cases.
Have you thought about the consequence child rapists might cause?
You aren't seriously suggesting that only Muslims are rapists?
Where did you get this conclusion from? There might be bias in the collecting of information. For example, in fact, large numbers of sexual offences were convicted by white men.
This is simply wrong. How can you say such hateful things about millions of people?
How many Muslim rapists are there? How many Britain rapists? Compare the numbers and make a conclusion for yourself!
How old are you? The first Mosque in the UK was build in 1889!
If you really cared about stopping Child Abuse you would know that the majority of perpetrators are white men often known to the child. Looks like you are really using the fact that some children have been abused to justify your own prejudice. Shameful!
Children should not do any of that with white men or anyone they do not know or even one's they do know if it does not feel right. Suggesting only one group of men abuse leaves more children unsafe and vulnerable.
Are you a misogynistic man trying to use objectification of women to justify your hate?
Why Muslim men? Such a sweeping statement.
What do you mean by an Islamic area? Why do not we take a look at Dubai, an Islamic city, where foreigners seem to be doing just fine.
Don't trust police, social workers or anyone who can tell you the truth and show just how prejudiced and misleading this tweet is.
I mean, I would not take gifts of sweets or drugs from any strange men, what is religion got to do with it?
Child rapists are a tiny sick minority across all communities. Islam does not condone it and Muslims do not accept it.
The media is not ignoring those rape crimes. Those who commit the crimes are extremists. The majority of Muslims are peaceful and respect people. It is better we think about how we can prevent the crimes.
No religion is peaceful. Every religion had been provoking religious wars and murdering people. Islam is not that different in this respect from other religions.
Such numbers! Are you sure they are true? Can you give a link to the evidence about that?
Punishing the 'Many' for the sins of the 'Few' - what sort of disgusting country do you think we live in?
Why does their background matter?
Except the ones that diagnosed my illness, take care of me in hospital, drive me to where I need to be, cooked my delicious take away when I haven't got time, teach my children in school. Get the point?
Another rapist from England. We should ...
Rapists are, in most cases, friends, family, or partners of the victim. The proportion of Pakistani people who are rapists is no more than that of White British population.
Migrants, like those from Pakistan, benefit the UK massively, and migration does not increase the occurrence of crimes like rape, in fact crime rates stay the same or go down, in areas with high immigration: https://www.independent.co.uk/news/uk/home-news/uk-migration-six-myths-about-immigration-debunked-as-latest-figures-show-fall-in-non-eu-arrivals-a6895341.html.
All the people from Pakistan that I know are really nice! No need to generalize too much!
I will not use disgusting to describe any country since crime happenes in every country, that would be every country is disgusting. We should decrease the rape rate by legislation, education, etc.
Our justice system deportes the rapists back to their countries after the sentences are finished. Meanwhile, we should also think about how to stop rapists from both UK and other countries.
What have 'all' Pakistani people done to deserve deportation? Sweeping generalisations like this are divisive and fuel false fearmongering around migrants.
Sounds like falsely-informed anti-migrant sentiment sparked by biased media coverage.
It is quite a generalisation to say anyone from Pakistan deserves to be deported for rape. Nationality has nothing to do with the likelihood someone will commit sexual assault.
Indeed, those rapists or criminals are deported back to their own countries after they finish their sentences.
We deported over 6,000 foreign nationals for criminal offences over 2016/17. I am guessing, but I not all of them went back to Pakistan. Criminality and sexual offending are not really a matter of nationality, are they?
Deportation is a very serious matter. We should not deport people based on their nationality. Of course we should fight crimes when they happen, but discrimination based on race would be a bad decision.
Why do you call Pakistan a disgusting country? It has its culture and values. We cannot say that every Pakistani person is a rapist. Thus, you should not insult all the Pakistani people.
The ONS says 55%of victims are assaulted by a partner or ex partner. Lock up all married people (and divorcees)!
Does Jimmy Saville represent all British Christians? Of course not punish the individual not the community.
Do you think the rape crime or gangs are formed only by Muslims? What do you suggest we can do to reduce the crime rate?
You cannot blame an entire faith.
I cannot agree that rape gangs are made up only from Muslims. People of all nationalities can become criminals. We should deal with it without making racist statements.
Do you have the evidence that now there are more crimes than there were in the previous decades? I do not have such statistics. Arrival of immigrants has nothing to deal with the increase of crimes.
I do not think that can even be possible. 20% of women experience abuse before they are 18 and most from friends and family. That is what we should be stopping.
Do you have any proofs that the rape epidemic exists? That it is due to Muslim immigrants? I think that there are many sad accidents every day, and not all of them are attributed to Muslims. So your words are really strong ones and I would like to see them supported with concrete facts.
People are people with evil ones in every community. Misleading tweets like this just help others to get away with it.
That is what the headlines suggest BUT actual cases where migrants are the abuser is just a drop in the ocean compared to the total number of cases.
The shockingly low number of rape convictions in the UK shows not enough counteraction from the police and gov in rape cases generally, of which the vast majority are not committed by Muslims.
Really, then how come most victims have been abused by a member of their family or friend? Lets find the truth and then put a stop to abuse.
Child rapists are arrested and punished no matter what religion they follow. I do not think it is true that police does not counteract it.
Do you know, according to UK's official statistics, women were more likely to experience domestic abuse than men. This was true for all types of domestic abuse, other than non-sexual family abuse. Around three times as many adults experienced sexual assault by a partner than by a family member.
Have you checked violent crime statistics? The idea that there is an epidemic is just an attempt at scare mongering in order to demonize the Muslim community. Religion does not make anyone more likely to rape someone.
Scapegoating the Muslim community does not help us to prevent rape. If you want to help make an impact, lets start by addressing the problem, not.
Scapegoating the Muslim community does not help us to prevent rape. It often instead leads to further violent crime committed against those groups who have been demonized.
I think the #CatholicChurch #pope #childabuse might have them beaten hands down this is not restricted to anyone faith or community.
This is not true and how can you say this about an entire faith?
Haven't movements like #metoo , the Church's child sex scandal, and the number of non-muslim celebrities arrested for sexual assault proven that rape is in no way a Muslim-specific issue?
The media is selective in the rape stories it shows. Muslim perpetrators are vastly over-represented, and non-muslim offenders are often ignored in the headlines. Https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right
That is very inflammatory. Have you got any reputable news sources to support that? Or is this just Islamaphobic fearmongering, spreading false facts to promote intolerance?
Asian CSE offenders represent 0.01% of the UK's Asian population' - there are no more Muslim rapists than there are non-Muslim rapists, proportionally. Https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/nov/11/84-per-cent-of-grooming-gangs-are-asians-we-dont-know-if-that-figure-is-right
Sources? This is hatred.
Child rapes are not only convicted by muslims. In fact, around 90% of the sexual abuse are convicted by person known to the child. This is a sad truth. We should help children be free from sexual abuse and rape.
Criminals are given the punishment if they are guilty. Doesn't matter what their race is. Why are you so sure that the government is trying to cover things up?
We have no right to blame other people. Analysis showed that large majority of people convicted of sexual offences, regardless of the age of the victims, are white.
According to Crown Prosecution Service's source, at least 80% white people convicted of child abuse offences. What did this happen? We should stop hating and complaining others, and protect children and women from sexual crimes. If you want to help, please contact National Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Children, Lucy Faithful Foundation, or Independent Sexual Violence Advocates.
Do you have the statistics for domestic violence in Great Britain? This is even a huger problem in Great Britain! I'd suggest we first should think about our inner problems, and you suggest to just blame the outsiders in everything!
These are wicked words. But if one person said that, does it mean that everyone agrees with it?
These actions are not the fault of an entire community?
White men abuse more than any other group, they do not need gangs to groom, they are protected by institutions like the Church and Hollywood and given positions of trust like teachers, sports coaches. Why aren't you angry about that?
If you are really concerned about women and children then support the #truthproject and maybe read some of the findings and a real picture of grooming and child exploitation.
Actually, I think that the whole point of #VisitMyMosque is to ask questions.
#visitmymosque .and ask if you are willing to have an open calm discussion. Muslim communities are already doing lots to stop any abuse in its name. Just as the Church is for with abusers who call themselves Christian and use the Church. But somehow your tone suggests you'd rather rant.
#visitmychurch are you going into Churches and asking the same questions of the clergy?
I am more worried about the Pope's recent acknowledgement that Nuns are being abused in the Church right now, as is Child abuse -he's asked the clergy to turn themselves in; the white grooming gangs that go unhindered in Rochdale because no one is looking for them.
No one's saying do not ask questions. Maybe if you did the answers would surprise you.
There are Bible scriptures about the stoning to death of virgins who do not scream when they are raped, we do not blame the bible for Christian rapists. The Quran.
Look at crime stats.
Can you show me an exact location in Koran where people are encouraged to do this? I do not think so.
This is simply not true and how can you say this about such a large group of people from all walks of life?
All the major world religions have at some time been associated with extreme human rights abuses against men, women and children.
Would you like to point out where in the Koran it commands rape gangs? Just a heads up, you are gonna struggle to find a quote.
Some horrible people are responsible for this. But why assign a religion to this? It has nothing to do with it.
The Quran does command Muslim rape gangs. In fact, sexual violation is regarded by true Muslims as as a violation of moral and divine law.
We are not accepting this. These people are being rightly punished for their actions. But my question is, what is the point of bringing up the religion? Do you really think this is the cause of the problem?
The vast majority of Muslims denounce rape, it is not commanded by the Qur'an. Get your facts checked before spreading negative stereotypes about people!
The Qur'an condemns rape, the fact that a few people ignorant of the teachings of the religion do that does not taint an entire religion.
Child sex abuse happens in all religions. You only have to look at what the Vatican covers up to see that.
The vast majority of rapes are committed in the home, by someone the victim knows, or by a partner. There are numerous examples of rape culture in this country. (add a link to the everyday sexism project)
The media focuses on a small proportion of rape cases involving Muslim gangs, whilst a huge number of non-Muslim cases get no news coverage, and many are not reported at all.
Please read this article written by a Rotherham grooming gang survivor https://ind.pn/2GHjGn7.
The Koran does not command this.
Many rapes are also committed by non-Muslim perpetrators. Are you picking out Muslim rapists selectively to support the ideology you are trying to propagate?
Actually, the Qur'an teaches chastity and condemns sexual abuse. Muslim gangs doing this are not abiding by Muslim teachings, and are denounced by true Muslims.
Let's remind ourselves that in the US, in 1880, the age of consent was set at 10 or 12 in most states, with the exception of Delaware where it was 7. We live in more enlightened times.
The value we should all abide by is respect and oppose ignorance.
Sexualization of children is a modern value? Do you actually know what is meant by values?
I agree that the sexualisation of childhood is a serious issue, but this isn't something exclusive to 'liberal' societies or Governments.
These matters are not being ignored. Have you heard that crimes concerning child rapes and radicalisation are prosecuted?
I do not think the government is ignoring such problems as child rapes. They are dealing with it, and such crimes are not often connected to Muslim people.
Why would you say that? Actually there are many government organisations and NGOs that help and control the rape crimes.
Our society indeed has special funding and treatments for immigrants as they are in a vulnerable position. Does it mean that the government is submitting to them? To me it means being humane! You should try to immigrate to another country and then decide whether you feel good as an immigrant or not.
Could point to me a specific law for Muslim criminals? I cannot find one. It is not true that they are judged differently. In fact, immigrants are even more vulnerable in our society and are likely to be judged more severely.
Where is your evidence for this? This is just hatred.
Have faith in British Law. Indeed, the Muslim rapists will be deported back to their own countries after the sentences. Criminals will not get special treatment. Everyone can change the situation even it is a small contribution. For example, teach children arm themselves and report suspicious events.
[demonstrating prominent public figures fighting CSE with article link]
Such wrong and offensive language against 1.6 billion people.
These isn't. This is a false dichotomy. All crime and hatred is wrong.
Who can say that Muslims are privileged? They are reminded too often that their religion is not welcome here. I do not see where you find double standards as all criminals are judged and punished, Muslim criminals are also judged by their own community.
Why do you think that muslim criminals will receive different treatment or even privileges?
No one is allowed to rape anyone. There is no double standards, criminals go to prison, and religion and nationality have nothing to deal with it.
I noticed what you said and the concerns it caused. Actually, Muslims are kind and sincere. However, people usually can access only negative events and issues about Islam and do not consider good news meaningful. We do not want only fear exists in the society. Hence, we should help people know about Islam and Muslims.
Rapism and extremism are indeed problems of the modern society, but does it mean that they are attributed to Muslims only? This is a much broader problem, we should deal with it, but no need to be chauvinist and accuse Muslims.
As you said, it is extremism which does not represent the majority of Muslims. We do not want more fear or hate speech in our life. We could help people know the true Muslims by reading the facts and conversing with your Muslim neighbors.
People's concerns must be based in evidence and not hatred.
The often ignored fact is that Muslims are some of the largest victims of ISIS and within the ISIS-controlled community itself.
Why would it? Why such hatred towards an entire faith?
Crime and criminals are not dependent on any culture. Christian criminals are also not held by religious events. It is just not correct to align religion and criminality.
Muslims criticize violence and terrorism as well. They even became victims of ISIS after they denounced ISIS for its violent actions.
There's the same proportion of criminals among muslims as it is among western people. You cannot say that Muslims are doing terrorism and raping children, this is simply exaggeration.
Many victims of terror are Muslim.
Because the act of one person or group is not reflective of an entire faith.
Yes, we do.
There are many examples of Muslims protesting against ISIS. Seriously, do a google search.
A simple google search of this will illustrate otherwise (provide evidence).
Have you heard about the Arab Counter-Terrorism Coalition?
Terrorism and targeting the general public with bombs, assault rifles or any other means is horrific, there is no excuse but lets be clear when a white man does it its called mental illness regardless of what groups he belongs to; when a black man does it its called terrorism.
And pipe bombs were sent to Trump's opposition, terror in all it is forms must be defeated. No use just blaming Muslims.
Actually, in 2015 13,286 people were killed in the US by firearms and 26,819 were injured. Tell me does that count as terrorism or it is only that when Muslims do it?
Terrorists come in all religions and political views. People opposing Trump were sent letter bombs, the 'Troubles' saw Christian terrorists on both sides of the border. Let's challenge all terrorism.
[fact check and post link to accurate statistics, statistic is likely false or extremely skewed][add meme] smh trying to post statistics when they're not even accurate.
The vast majority of Global Terrorism is about politics and land not faith. One fact you do not seem to want to deal with.
Pipe bombs were sent to Trump's opposition, including Robert De Niro, this scapegoating of Muslims is the real problem and blinds us to the bigger picture.
So when a white person kills someone, they're called a murderer. When a minority does it they're labelled a terrorist. We need to combat violent acts in all their forms. If we focus on just one group then we are blind to the rest of the problem. [picture of iceberg].
Source please?
Actually, the FBI considers the largest terrorist threat right now to be from far-right extremist groups.
Seriously, I would love to know where you get your statistics from. They are so far from the truth.
1) a quick google search shows that your stats are plain wrong about everything and 2) most Global Terrorism is motivated by politics and not religion. That is why no one is talking about it.
Of all the mass shootings that took place in the US in 2018, all were committed by white men. Were they terrorists too or just 'lone wolves' with mental health issues as the media says?
Could you send me a link to which study you are quoting? Call me sceptical.
Source please? Also, even if true how is this representative of all islam?
Your statistic about suicide bombings also includes incidents in war. Perhaps we should remember the holocaust and the atrocities committed by the far right?
Your statistics are not right, where did you get them? Why skew the stats to focus on Muslims when every terrorist, bomber, and rogue shooter needs to be stopped.
This isn't really about the lass as such, more about a countries responsibilities for its citizens, surely, including not just leaving another country to sort out the mess caused by our rogue citizens.
I guess the right to deport naughty foreign nationals should cut both ways?
You cannot compare a faith of 1.6 billion to Nazi.
So more than 95% are fighting extremism and spreading peace and tolerance, there are extremists in every group.
Where did you get these statistics?
So 90-95% are not?
Is this where you got your facts, do read the rest of the article? Https://www.politifact.com/punditfact/statements/2015/aug/28/curt-schilling/schilling-throws-wild-pitch-nazi-stat/.
Actually the facts say it is just 0.01% of Muslims who might be extremists. So stop spreading false facts to bias public opinion.
I agree that people attacking other people are not right, but no need to extrapolate it to other Muslim people!
Are you sure it is not just that Muslim terrorists get a lot of biased media coverage?
I do not see a lot of news articles about far right terrorism even though it is much more prevalent and is considered the biggest and fastest growing threat.
And your evidence is. Or does your logic stop there.
So do all those Western bombings and invasions of Muslim countries not count as terrorism?
Well the Home Office would say differently, but if it helps your cause.
Continuity Army? Ulster Freedom Fighters? Even the Basque Freedom Fighters? Those Muslims get everywhere!
This is demonstrably false. Radical Christian terrorism has been behind countless attacks. Terrorism can come from any group and the only thing all terrorism has in common is that it is abhorrent.
Accept far right terrorism is increasing while overall terrorism acts are going down. Https://www.bbc.co.uk/news/uk-43200968.
Apart from all those who use violence/terrorism who are not Muslim?
What about recent school and mall shootings all over the US? Those were White Christian terrorists.
If we end up with a hard border I hope we do not find out.
There are a lot of non-Muslim terrorists but the media focuses on Muslim terrorists and does not call the non-Muslim ones terrorists. When was the last time you saw a white non-muslim school shooter in the US branded a 'terrorist'?
Jeremy Joseph Christian, James Field Jr, James Harris Jackson, Wade Michael Page, need I go on?
Studies in the US show the majority of terrorist incidents are committed by right-wing extremists, not Muslims. Be critical of what you read, the news is very biased.
How about all those non-Muslim school shooters? Is mass murder not terrorism if a non-Muslim does it?
This is not true. They are non-Muslim terrorists out there. Have you forgotten?
Everyone is a potential everything, what would you like to be?
I think becoming a terrorist takes a very narrow minded person with a very closed world view, ah err sorry.
The majority of Muslims worldwide are peaceful.
Many Muslims died in terrorist attacks such as 9/11 in the US and 7/7 in the UK.
No, Muslims are actually more likely to be the victim of a terrorist attack, especially those living in the Middle-East.
Every person is a potential terrorist. What is your point?
And views like that, that lumps all Muslims together, pretends they are less than human pushes them a tiny bit closer.
Every Muslim also has the potential to fight back against terrorism, show support to it is victims, and make the world a better place. (insert news articles about Muslims against terrorism, helping after terrorist attacks, etc.)
I think this is a very inconsiderate thing to say, would you say the same thing about non-Muslims as well?
Every Islamophobic person has the potential to use that intent for terrorism or violence against Muslims. Terrorism comes in all shapes and sizes.
How can you say a person is a potential terrorist?
You could say that about any person, Muslim or not. According to the government, far right extremism is a bigger terrorist threat than Muslims. Does that make you a potential terrorist?
As is every far right armchair activist.
But not the ones that fought and died for Britain in both wars and all wars after.
Why would you stereotype and generalise an entire community for actions of a few?
Any individual may become a terrorist. Religious beliefs do not play part in this.
Every Muslim is a potential peace advocate as well.
Every Muslim is also a potential peacemaker, doctor, philanthropist. What is your point?
So 1.6 billion people could be terrorists?
Can you give any specific appearances of terror and crisis? I do not see it in our society.
Violating of right for underrepresented communities (homosexuals, women, disabled people) takes place everywhere, and many native Western people are also held accountable for it. Oppressing rights is not the feature of Islam but of our society in general.
I think you'd be surprised at the number of similarities Islam shares with Christianity. It teaches love and forgiveness, not oppression.
Sounds more like the Catholic church to me #pope#childabuse #InquiryCSA.
The opposite of oppression is choice the vast majority of Muslim women in Britain have choice.
Sweeping statement about an entire faith.
So answer hatred with hatred?
How exactly is the government submitting to this? I do not see Muslims oppressing these groups and this being tolerated, in fact it seems Muslims are the group being oppressed and vilified.
We could easily substitute the word 'Christians' for the word 'Muslims' in this sentence, without it losing any meaning, since this is as much an issue about 'fundmentalism' as any particular faith.
If we ignore what fundamentalists of other faiths practice in relation to LGBT and Women's rights, are we not also guilty of double standards?
[link to Raheem Stirling article or other biased media example] Media bias against the Muslim community has been going on for years, do not be fooled by it any more.
Is there any evidence of muslim immigrants oppressing anyone? I would like to see the official statistics for it, in particular for our country (not muslim world in general).
Unfortunately, hate can be found in all walks of life. It is no more prevalent in Muslim communities.
How exactly are Muslims oppressing other cultures? Do you think maybe spreading the opinion that all Muslims are homophobic and sexist demonises them and legitimises oppressing their culture?
If we excluded everyone who had prejudice, who would be left?
Actually women and homosexuals have not receive the right treatment in many places for a very long time, not just in Muslim culture. Plus, the society has not change too much. The most important thing is how we can make the society and the world a better place, not just excluding others.
Double standards all round lots of British culture and Christian faiths oppress women, homosexuals and other cultures from #equalpay #metoo #timesup job restrictions in the church to condoning/ hiding sexual violence and child exploitation #thetruthproject.
Surely no one should be oppressed and everyone supported to end oppression within their communities #lovenothate.
Last I checked, the government does not tolerate oppression, ever. Much of the media however, focuses negative coverage on Muslims and other minority communities to try to paint false image. Don't be fooled by their fake news.
Actually, this survey of Muslim's social attitudes says otherwise: https://www.independent.co.uk/voices/british-muslims-ipsos-mori-liberal-imams-islam-a8334196.html.
Nah mate, they really don't.
Homophobia and sexism are not Muslim attitudes, there are many non-Muslims who are homophobic, sexist, and intolerant of other cultures. The Qur'an teaches tolerance and peace.
Our society does not tolerate oppression of these groups by Muslims any more than it tolerates oppression of these groups by anyone else.
I can feel you. However, the majority of Muslims are not against women or other cultures. They are like us who want to be treated equally and they have the right as human. Keeping Muslims away is not helpful either. Instead, we could think of ways to increase the disparity.
Why do you say that they are never taken responsible? Crimes are punished irregardless of religion in our country. If a Muslim person kills or oppresses someone, they will be prosecuted and punished.
With all the anti Islamic rhetoric floating around, do think they have chosen that faith because because its easy?
One could say the same about White men slamming Islam and joining those tiny groups of intolerance and misunderstanding. Try living in the real world.
Methodist, Lutheran, Jehovah's Witness, Catholic, Protestant, there are different types of Christianity and different countries interpret it different ways why do you think Islam would be different?
I would not call it sad or self loathing to join a sisterhood of tolerance.
Islam is that same sisterhood of tolerance and understanding across the world.
Muslim women face discrimination and prejudice because of their religion in the West which isn't present in Muslim majority countries.
Maybe that 'sisterhood of tolerance and understanding' is challenging sexism everywhere including those men who feel they can tell women what they should believe in and how to live their lives.
So you are suggesting Pakistan, Saudi Arabia, and the Sudan oppress women, but somehow you know better than every white woman who is a Muslim and feel entitled to make public judgements about them. See what I am getting at?
Surely tolerance and understanding should exist across the world in all communities?
